

41.
69You walk for the best part of the morning, your wen-pced footsteps carrying you to the village of Balci.
The architecture of ihe buildinF reminds you Of thedistinctive style of Strigoiva, ail sharply p ointed roofsgable-ends.
What makes Balci so different is thehuddle of multicoloured tents pitched outside it.
Carnivale is in town.
sound Of accordion music•aches your ears along with the 'oohs' and 'ahhs' of aapåvated audience.
A few villagers are drifting inmd out Of the entrance.
A board beneath the entranceSinner declares that the entry fee is 2 Gold Pieces and«.
ndi_ng next tc that is a grotesque little man — almostmvarfish in his propor±ons.
Barely a metre tall, witha large grinning lace and spindly limbs, he is dressedthe most outlandish and brightly coloured clothesyou think you have ever seen, crowned with a blackbp hat.
If yon have the codeword Rets's written ontour Adventure Sheet, turn to 4.
If not, a visit to theCarnivale might be just what you need to give you anhurts respite from the rigours of your mission.
Doyou to pay 2 Gold Pieces and enter EheOrnivale (turn to 134), or will you by and entervillage of Balci ieelf(turn tc 26)?
70The tunnel that lies beyond the cave entrance windis way up inside the peak.
When the daylight halæeps in from outside is but the merßt glimmer, youemerge from the twisting pas4eway and stepinto a broad.
low--ceilinged gallery.
Not includingtunnel you entered by, there are four furtherleading to elsewhere within the üve network.
Therough wans of is Lhrough with dicoloured of quartz crystaLs.
(While youexploring cave network inside the Sundered Peakmake a careful note oi the paragraph number ofnew you enter.
If you find your%tf retuto gmæwfwrp have already iYen.
unlösare told otherwi% you may skiparounter at that paragraph and go Stra ght10 ttu.
exit lisuxl at emd).
Which way dcnow?quartz truutel?The blue crystal pas•geway?The crystal path ?The narrower yellow crystalThe wider runnel widt rumour ofdaylight at era?71Turn to 9Turn to 415Tum toTurn to 331The howl from deep inside your chest and raberates around the walls of the courtyard.
Hea ringsound, the Fang Hounds break Off their attack and runwhimpe-i.
ng back to their den beneath the walls.
uyou have the cc:xieword Nelhcir written on your
Adventure Sheet, tum to 89.
If not, you are able toapproach Ole tower unhindered (rum to 102).
72table and chair clatter to the floor, now justchopped firewood.
You fNeze, your heart racing, yourbreathing shallow.
Someone must have heard thefight and you remain exactly you are, half-expecting landlord to burst in at any moment.
Butno one comes.
With the poltergeist activity apparentlydcme you to settle down again.
As you lieawake.
unable to step, thanks to the adrenalin stillcour»ng thrmagh your system, you hear the *mand ofa door opening follow«i by the creak ofas makß Qw•ir way down the corridorthe sui.
rs.
But who would moving around the imin the middle of the rüght? Will you satisfy yourmari(biy md investigate further (him to 429), or willyou suy are for Of the night (tumThe Cadaver drops to the door and is motionlessagain, as Doktor Kafka six up, rubbing his head.
'Sheknows we are corning!' Van Richten hisws, hisexpression as dark as ever.
situation is even momdire I had imagind' White you are huntingdown the Varnpuess, she will be preparing for yourarrival; keep track of how much advance warning ghehas by means Of an ALARM rating.
Write down on yourAdventure Sheet that your ALARM rating is currently 1.
Any combats you tackle from now on, until you are
74informed otherwise, you will face with Van Richtenfighting at your side.
Whenfaced with two Opponents.
you need only fight the first one to win that battle, asthe Vampin Hunter, who is a consummate swords.
man, will do away with the Other His attributesSKILL 10, STAMINA 9.
If you face only one opponentyou will gain Attacks, both of which can injurethat opponent.
In this case, if injuries are sustainedthey will effect you on a dice roll Of 1—3, Keep acareful note of Van Richten's STAMINA score as well.
If he dies in battle you will have to continue alone,Cros the codepord Nethcir from your AdventureSheet.
'It is time we were gone,' Van Richten says, eager to beaway.
The two of you set off for the mrne of theCountws Isolde, the forbidding Tower of Maun.
Tarnto 56.
74Descending the steps, you find yourself in the damp,musty tunnels Of the castle's dungeon levels.
It is asyou are exploring these chambers and corridors thatyou hear a wailing howl, the like Of which you haveheard before in the realm of the Lords of Lupravia.
Asyo u prepare to defend yourself, something resemblinga decomposing wolf erupts from the darkness.
Snarling with insane hunger, the Werewarg a ttacks.
WEREWARC7 STAMINA 7If you are wounded more than twice, add to yourCHANGE score.
If you kill the undead werewolf you
decide that these dungeons have nothtng rnore tooffer you and so return to where you first entered thecastle_ Will you now take the other pasagewaykeads from the hall (turn to 319), or climb the staircaseto the second set Of double doors (turn to 146)?75rt is a daringly move, but pays Off.
•Then i think we can help you,' the monk enresponse to your brave admission.
'Come with me.
'He leads you inside the complex, taking you to theAbbey's hecbalist.
This monk is robed like the first, hisface hidden, bu he welcomes you into his workshopwhere he quickly sets 10 work.
In no time at all iteems, he has prepared you a made fromdistilled essences Of various plants.
You give it amiff: the panacea smells strongly of mint.
This elixiris something Of my own making.
There is a littlevalerian in there, and a drop or two Of belladonnaextract, along wikh other ingredients, but it should dothe trick.
Now, drink deeply and finish all of thedraught.
' With nervous excitement you take the elixirfrom the herbalLst.
Could Ehis really be the end to yourquest? Could it really be this simple? DO you want todown the in go.
as the instructed?If so, turn to 91; if not, turn to76With a wailing cry from the Headless Highwayman,ete phantom horse launches itself skyw•ard.
Meg*reams as she too is carried off, the horse gallopingaway towards the cold orb of the moon and into the
next world.
Meg and the Highwayman were lovers inlife and after I us death she recovered his severed head.
Tutoring herself in the Dark Arts.
she used the skull tosummon his spirit back to the Earthly Plane to be withher By your acHons you have broken her evil spelland banished the ghost of Lord 'Filthy' Lucre back tothe hell where he belongs.
(Regain 1 LUCK point.
) Thelast discernible words you hear are Meg's.
'No, notlike this!' she screams.
'It wasn'tmeant to be like this!'And then the ghostly rider and his sorceress lover aregone.
The only sound that remains is that of the windwhistling over the moors.
Considering what vou hav•ebeen par Ey to at The GibberTree them is no way that you can stay here a momentlonger.
It will be a night on the moors for you after all.
Test your Luck.
If you are Lucky, morning comes coldand grey and you arc on your way again (Earn to 69),If you are Unlucky, turn to 466.
77Taking a firm hold of the Iron Rod you hurl it at theConstruct-creature as if it were a spear.
Test your Skill.
If you are successful, turn 22.
If you fail, incrediblyyou miss your target (turn to 152).
78On the verge of screaming, you run out of the Hallof Mirrors, overwhelmed by the feelings Of paranoiaand claustrophobia.
Add to your CHANGE score andmake sure that the codcword Egnarts is recorded onyour,4dvcuturc Shect before turning to 167.

e,79Snatching the crone 's Cook Book from your pack you'lick to the correct page and begin intoning theTransfiguration Spell.
As the words Of power lakeeffect you watch as Varcolac doubles up in pain, his*ody wracked by further changes.
His fangs anddaws lengthen further, as do his arms and legs.
TheTransfiguration Spell has certainly worked onCount, but it has made him even more like the savagewolf he is steadily becoming; it has not had thecrippling influence you had hoped.
When you cometo fight the Arch-Lycanthrope you must add 1 SKLLLpoint and STAMINA points his statistics you:esolve the cornbat.
With a roar Of rage, the Varcolac-•d'OLf leaps at you, teeth bared.
Lose LUCK point andto 150.
80Approaching the wide-arched entrance to the.
sanc-tuary of the church, you hear an ominous stacx:ato
81drumming.
Ihe sound betrays the presence Of yourwould-be ambushers, TWO robed monks emerge fromeither side of the pillared archway They are dressedin the all-enclosing black robes but, as they moveto attack.
the hood of one of monks falls back fromhis head.
With a sharp of breath you æe thathis head is halfway between that Of a cockroach and aman, as black and hard as obsidian.
As the mandibledmonk hisses at you, malformed jaws clacking, thesecond monk maching 'or you from withinthe voluminous sleeves Oi his habit.
The fallback to reveal mantis-like claws where monk'sarms should You have no choice but to fight theBlack Monks .
MANDIBLED MONKMANTIS MONKSKILL STAMINA7876If you manage to defeat both mutated monks, turnto 262.
81As you unsheaüte ute Wulfen Sword you seething like recognition in Werewolf's eye and thecTeature recoils from you, allowing you to get in anuncont•ted strike before it retaliates.
As with anyother were-creature, the Wulfen Sword will cost theArch-Lycanthmpe 3 STAMINA poults of darnage(rather than the usual 2) with every successful strike.
However, the sword seems to hold some other powerover the transformed Varcolac and for the duration 01your battle against the monstrous Prince Of Lupravia
you may reduce his SKILL by t point.
R.
in 1LUCK point for having th6 advantage and turn to 150.
82Wandering you find all maruær Ofpeddlers and traders ælling ttwir goods But stallattracts your particular attention.
is hung with agarish declaring that it toGelt — Akhemist and Metallurgist'.
you want tospend a little time perusing the alchemist's stau (tumto 54) or you rather Scour the market Auare formore practical items Of equipment (tum to 170)?Alternatively, if you wish, you may Élin the huntingparty in front Of the meeting halt (tum to 201) orsimply quit the town (turn to 507b.
83Retracing your steps, you make your way backthrough tabynnthine ruins.
You pass through abroken colonnade of gargoyle-infested columns Thesmall Stcxle carvings of the demonic irnF glowerdown at you with malevnlendy narrowed eys andleri.
ng.
fang•filled smiles.
A sinister, high-pitchedchuckle echoes from the broken walls either side of
84followed by the abrasive sound Of stone scrapingon stone.
In the encroaching darkness you gfimpsemovement, but what you thiok you see causes you todoubt your own eyes.
It must be a trick of the failinghalf-lighl.
Then you see it again.
and now there cannotbe any doubt.
The stone-carved imps, which momentsbefore were clinging 10 the lops of the shatteredcolumns, are scrambling down from their perches andadvancing towards you, predatory smiles wide, stoneclaws outstretched.
The malefic presence hauntingthis place has taken physical form, manifesting in theanimated stone imps, agaLzi YOA find yourselffighting for your Life.
Fight the Grinnygogs at thesarne time.
FirstGRINNYGOGSecond GRINNYGOGThird GRINNYGOGFourth GRINNYGOGSKILL STAMINA6576565If you win, the malicious sentience animating thestone imps is forced tc quit the statues.
The Grinny„gogs shatter, just so many shards Of splinteredstone.
Unable rid yourself Of the lingering feeling Ofunease you hurry away from the ruins as quickly asyou can.
Tum •143.
84Unable to haut yourself nut of the bog you continue tosink Socm the clinging mud is up toyourneck.
Finally,with a disgusting sucking belch, the bog closes overyour head and swaliows you up.
Your eyes see
nothing but smothering darkness as the bog drawsyou down into its foetid depths.
You involuntarilygasp for air, swamp water rushing in to fill your lungs.
You drown in the depths of the bog.
Your life and youradventure are Over.
85Cutting the bodies free of the webs, you are notsurprised to find that they are those Of two dead*oblins.
They are wearing rough hide clothes andhave small leather backpacks.
In one you find a pouchcontaining a Iota] of S Cold Pieces and Ln the other nomoney, but a finely crafted Silver Dagger instead.
Thetwo goblins were obviously thieves but it looks likethey got their come-uppance.
Where they stole thedagger from, you have no ideaLfyou take the Silver Dagger, add it Equipmentlist and write the codeword cn yourSkeet.
You may also use the dagger in combat, if youwish, but because it is not as long as your sword,nor balanced in the same way; if you do so you mustfight with your Attack Strength reduced by point.
Injuries you cause any creature with the word 'Were'in its name, however, will suffer increased damage (3STAMINA points rather than the usual 2}.
The SilverDagger will also harm Undead and demons but onlycauses such creatures the usual 2 STAMINA pointsdamage.
There is nothing else here that is of interest ot value toyou so, before the weavers Of the webs return, youleave the cave.
Relum to 368 to choo«2 your way out.


86"I-he (Her of the Black Rose,' you state confidenHy.
Tne old man looks you up and down once more and&ten hurriedly ushers you inside, securing the doorWell met, friend,' comes a familiar voice from adarkened comer of the room and the Vampire Hunter,Van Richten, emerges from the He isüiously pleased to see you but his expression is stilla dark mask.
Having formally introduced you tomklor the three of you mtim to the surgeon'sa•ude operating Lheatre.
You are taken aback to see*lat the surgeon to be part-way through anautopsy — the partially dissected body lies On a blood-table.
draped with a filthy sheet.
You findyourself wondering wha t sort Of people you have gotyourself mixed up with.
mth the three of you secreted away in the Doktor'shb, Van Richten tells you of Ehe quest thathasbroughtyou here.
'As you know, I am a renowned VamptreHunter, and the bloodsucker I am currently bailingkæps people of u-tis place in her thrall.
' VanRichten certainly has you in his thrallnow.
Who is this you ask.
Theone whose greatest concern should be welfareof the people who owe her fealty, the noblewomanwhoclaimg authori over this village and its envirory,ble Lady of Maun herself — Countes Isolde.
I havetarried too long and been delayed by distractions ofher making enough almady but with your help I can
put an end to her.
Let us ready ourselves and then beon our way, for time is very much of the essence.
'There is a movement from under the sheet coveringthe corpse.
All eyes turn to the autopsy table.
havebeen overheard? Kafka cries.
An arm, grey-green withrot, throws the sheet aside and the surgeon's dissectionsubject sits up.
You gag in horror at the sight of thedisernbowelled corpse as it rises to its feet.
A clay-likefist lashes out and Doktor Kafka is sent crashing tc thefloor, unconscious.
Van Rlchten reacts immediately,unsheathing his rapier blade with a practised flourish.
but you are the onedosest to the reanimated cadaver.
You arm yourself as the undead cadaver bears downon you with throttling hands outstretched.
CADAVER SKILL 8 (see below) STAMINA 9 (see below)Doktor Kafka has already begun to dissect the corpseand as a result its performance may be affected.
Rollone dice to see which crucial part, or parts, Of the bodythe surgeon has rernoved and alter the Cadaver's slatsaccordingly.
DiceRoll56Part(s)RemooedBrainHeartBrain andHeartIntestinesEffectReduce Its SKILL by point.
Reduce its STAMINA by 2points.
Reduce both its attributes a.
'described above.
NO effect.
In the cramped confines of Ehe lab, you must fightthe first two Attack Rounds against the mrpse alone.

87After that Van Richten is able '0 join the fight, youeffectively have two Attacks to ihe Cadaver's one.
The Vampire Hunter has a SKILL score of 10 but anysuccessful strikes made by the corpse are deductedfrom your STAMINA score, as you are it istrying to kill.
Also, if the Cadaver wins two AttackRounds in a row, it grabs you by the th_roat andthrotLJes you for an extra z STAMINA points of damage.
11 you win your fight with the Doktor's dissectimsubject, turn to 73.
87Pulling your travelling cloak about you.
Off across the barren heath with only a chill, closewind for company.
You had hoped you could reachthe shrine before another night passed but, after anhour's across Fenmoor, a miasma rises fmmthe peaty ground, limiting your visibility even Farther.
Stifled by the cloying you proceed with greatercaution, The dark tufts of reed-beds at your feet andthe Spongy feel Of the turf under your boots indicatesthat this stretch of moorland is becoming ever moreand treacherous.
Also, it is not long before youcannot even accurately judge which direction you aretravelling in: the usual markers you would use tocompass points are all smothered by the fog.
You ate not certain you could even retrace your stepssuccessfully.
There is a very real risk of you becomingcompletely lost on Fenmoor.
ROL two dice.
If the totalrolled is less than or equal to your current CHANGEscore, tum to '63; ii i t is greater, turn to 55.

89-89Through the door you follow another passageway,which turns right and ends at yet another portal.
Sensing that something ominous awaits you on theother side, taking a deep breath, you turn the handleand step through.
Turn to 156.
89'What is this?' Van Richten almost screams.
•Whatkind of a creature are you Ehat you can command thebeast-servanis Of a creature Of the night.
unless youare a thing Of darkness yourself? And if that ishow were you able to fool me?' The VampireHunter a step away from you.
unsheathing histrusty rapier.
'You may have me once, but youhave revealed your true nature to mc now, and Icannot allow you to live.
' Van Richten werrts willingto put aside his 10 dßtroy the [•dy Of Maununtil after he has dealt with you.
You have no choicebut to defend yourself against your erstwhile ally.
VAMPIRE HUNTER10 STAUINA9
If you defeat the Vampire Humer lose 1 LUCK point,gain 1 ALARM point and then decide how you want toproceed.
Will you continue with Van Richter.
'smission to put an end to Ehe Vampiress (turn to 102) orwill give up on this coume of action and return to yourown quest (tum to 240)?90Leaving the bright tents of t_læ CarrivaJe behind youenter the village of Balci.
There appears to be nothingparticularly special about this place.
(t has a mill.
ata vern and a forge and you would judge that most ofpopulace make a living either farming the landherea bouts or through forestry in the that lie tothe south and east of the settiemenE If you wish to,and you can afford it.
you may enjoy a meal Ofmeat and along with a flagon Of ale for 2Gold which wul rwtore up to 4 STAMINA*'ints.
Whether you eat here or not, with sun pastzenith again, you decide that it is time press on.
There are two routes you can Out Of the village:the road east, towards Vargenhof (turn to144), or the well-worn track that leads:owards the forest (turn to 508).
91hou knock back the contents of the cup in go andswallow deeply.
You feel the effects Of the potionimmediately, as the sleeping draught you have justconsumed sends you into an unconscious stupor inwconds.
Turn to 16.

9292You Eum, catching one of what seems like a millionreflections in the mirrors surrounding you: but thereflection looking back al you is that of a half-humanwolfman, You cry out in terror and look down at yourhands to see that your fingernails have grown 10become cruel, sickleedged claws.
You look back inlothe lupine cyeS 01 the monster reflected in front Of youand blackout in shock (add to your CHANCE score).
When you come to again, you stumble out 0! theHall 0! Mirrors to find night has fallen and theCarnivale has closed 10 the public for the night.
Butyou are nol atone, Turn to93Sprinting Out of the stable you come face to face withthe Highwayman 's phantom steed.
The ghostly horserears upon its hind legs, trying to Irample you beneath
its crushing hooves.
you can defend yourselfyou feel an icy stab of pain in your back as the coldiron of a basket-hilted sabre skewers your heart on itstip.
You drop to the cold, hard cobbles of the stableyard.
your heart's blood pooling on the groundaround you, and the last thing you ever hear is thegiggling of the barmaid-witch and [he wordsOE the ghost.
'Like I always Say.
your moneyyour life:94In the name Of Saint Crucius.
I would rid unholyand the unclean from this temple!' you declare, callingon the spirit or the long-departed holy man.
Themaggot emits a shrill, screeching cry, its body writhingin torment.
You have dealt the monsier a grievousRegain LUCX and then tum to 426 to fight'-he creature, but before you do so both itsand STAMINA scores by half.
95Considering fresh human flesh preferable to rottingmeat, the beetles leap from the hall-eaten carcassinto your path, ready to take you on.
Fight the insectsFirst DEATH'S HEADDEATHS HEAD BEETLEDEATHS HEAD BEETLEDEATH'S HEAD BEETLE66766you kill the carrion feeders, turn 10136.

You hack and slaéu at the wolf but yo'.
rsword simply strai$.
t throu#l it.
the dire spectre no difficulty in harming you.
phantasm savages you with teeth and claws beforeleaving you for dead on the cold ground and movingOnto its next victim.
(Lose 6 STAMINA points.
) II yousurvive the attack.
you slowly lose corgiousnelistening to the desperate crie of the Shigoivansthey struggle against seemingly insurmoun Eable odrid themælves of üle spectral pack .
You come to the next day, lying on tho cold, turdground where Lhe villagers left you, havingdriven back while tending Off ghcbtlythe Howling.
From the of 's whited •in leadm sky.
you judge have slept weinto follow-ing although youfor it.
eastern ERNndary ofvillage you are confrcmted by a parting of tyr waysWill you follow t.
he road as it divides to the north (tuto or the east (tum to 478)? Or will you takelc-ss wcll.
urd track into the forest, which lies a mior so to the north-east of Strigoiva (turn 108)?
9797You enter a Chamba that is really a natural chimney,into the gloom above, from which you can feelnovement in the cold, moist air Of Lhe cave complex.
And the breeze is not all that is moving in the cave.
Two zebra-striped spiders leap Oul of Lhe shadows.
Each of them is over four feet long, their shori power-legs hurling them high into the cavem to dropåwn on you from above.
Fight the Giant Jumping*idersone at a time.
SKILL STAMINAFust C,IAMJUMPINGSPIDER7JUMPING SPIDER 645either of the spiders wins its first Attack Round, itsyou to the ncwr.
This meansyou spend tie next Attack Roux' getting up%ain (un20 your have Quickening abilityn which you iurnp to your feet straight away).
This means that you must fight the next round ofwith your Attack Strength reduced by point.
Ifyou deleal the spiders, which way will you lakeof the chimney-cave?A tunnel through which the moist breezeis channelled?A narrow crawl-space?A passageway strewn with rough,broken stones?A pit-likehole in the floor Of the cave?Turn to 368Turn toTum toTum to
9898Another night under the sta_rs beckons, so leavingroad yml make a tæd for yourself among theleaves that have collected beneath • oftnæs.
Fatigued by your travails, you am just dmppingOff to sleep when a flapping sound in the branch8above muses you agam.
Fully awake, you listen moæcarefully to the sound: it is like the beating 01 wingsand — from gusb of air down over youand stirring the leavæ within hollowat that.
Then you it, for a momentagainst the moon It *cru-humanoid but for ahuge pair of moth-like wings.
Soundlessly, the night-hunter descends.
You see long, feathery antennae.
large mul tifaceted eyes, a grey furred body a slashOf mouth filled nwdle-sharp Withoutmaking any noise this curious nocturnal hunt-tfin for the kill.
MMH-MANSKILL 7
you defeat your you spend the rwt Of theight without any Further and, in the•ming are on your way awin-99As you baHJe on against the snarling demonic ho und,ü:jor Of the chapel opens and a wild-haired man,searing a wom and patched rube and sporting anqually unkempt beard.
dashe out of the building*and.
slung a large silver cross me Fund.
&vil!' shous spittle flying from his lips.
*Rind Of Hell, back to the pit that spawned you!' Atthe Shuck breaks off its attack, snarls savagely at•e man, who thrusts the silver cross even closer, andhen turns tail, into tie embrace Of night Turn0367.
inve OF ete huge book md start to flick±ough its pages.
As you do so, a seong smell ofulphur fi.
115 the library and a &lick black cloudaulesces in front Of you.
You jump back startled,knocking tie book from the lectern.
but hear nothingit crash— to ground.
The cloud "lidifies into avaguely marylike shaFæ.
with stung.
clawed arms,velvety black skin and — most horribly 0t all — face!&apped within the demon's veil of silence youFpare to defend yourself against the Silent Death.
SLENT DEATHSKILLE.
ng a demon, can only be harmedmagical weapms or ans cast from salver.
If you
have he demm will slay you wheresund.
If you cut defmd ya.
n-ælf, and you mmmgedie S lent tum to 459.
The bare state walls of drip Wihdi.
me and patcha of gey mc:R.
M blo«n increvice.
air of rot ardearth.
Tmere is nothing of note in vault, otherthe gaping black mouth of wide.
stone—walled pitthe middle of packed earth floor.
Once agaln yfind yourself wondering what happened here.
Roudice- tf the total Is Iss than, or equal to,current CHANGE "ore, tum to 33; if it is greater.
to 214.
Yau dimb a fl.
•t of up tomtr•.
nce Of the T—äng doubleRnd that lockd and
opal.
You a large,polished white marble inlaid with darkerhe-aldic of gutales tie of Maun But what hot& itdut of a human skull by awith A guQ offrom nowhere.
gwæpütg tullumming d.
x»r shut ym:.
wall•bu_rM into flame in wake, You Webut they are now locked, And no amount of*uggling on your pert can fore them open again.
bu shudder at tie prospect Of what might await you*ithin die •lbwer uf Maun.
but there is no going backmw, On die other side of et&ance hau a broad,Qlrals up to Oftower aruå down a cellar twel ardin.
Ftia•-1 it appa.
rs dut giveto above, wul aaypt kvel luve but todark domain fur&rr.
Where will explm•ecrypt?The cellar?Tie vound floor (wlure you are now)?first fk»r?*cond 00M?rhe thud floor?Tue fourth noor?fifth noor?The sixth floor?The seventh flux?Tum to a"Turn toTum to 126Turn toTum toTurn toTurn toTum toTum to 435Turn to 2"

Tearing your eyes away from the cold gaN of theyou pull your cloak even tighter about you inan attempt to keep out the freezing chill.
Deciding itwould be best to keep moving for fear of succumbingto hypothermia, you continue onwards through theicy night.
And Ehen you catch sight of somethingdarting through wintry woods.
But when you turnyour head to get a clearer view of the glittering figureit is gore again.
Folk-lore has it that the wüd, untamedplaces of this accursed land are haunted by elementalspirits, not evil as such but capricious, their intentiorsunkr,owable and therefore just as dark and unsettling.
With another sharp drop in the temperature aroundyou, the being revea_ls itself, leaping onto the path.
Itis no than t_hree feet tall and looks like it is madeentirely out of ice.
Its hair consists of spiky upstandingicicles, its noæ and chin are pomted and sharp, itsarms and legs stick-thin.
The creature's hands andicet end in glinting talons Of ice and its mouth isspread unnaturally wide in a shark-like grin.
Thesprite cocks its head on one side, and fixes you withits penetrating ice-blue gaze.
Its teeth are never still,chattering constandy.
All the while it gibbers to itself:•Iciclc noy• and frozen toes, shudder and judder comethe snows.
Slivers of ice and frost are nice, leave thehearth and pay the price!' The curious creaturecontinues its caper about on the frozen path in front Ofyou.
effectively blocking your way.
If you think youknow• the ice sprite's name, turn to 118.
If not how willyou proceed from here? If you want to threaten theCreature to make it leave you alone, turn to 218.
If you
104—105would rather by another, less aggressive, approach.
turn to 265.
104Archer's Arrows is a straightforward game of skill.
Archer — For it is he who runs stall — and hisassistant, an attractive young woman, have sel upthree targets at the back of his booth: Gold Piecebuys you three arrows with which you have to hit thetargets, one in each.
If you do not want to play turn ro167 now; if you do, read on.
You hand over your money 10 Archer who says to hisassistant, 'Come on, Lciscl, give our challenger histhree an-ows,' (If you have the codeword Retsis onyour Advent'tre Sheet after you have finished playing,turn to 117.
)To hit the first target with the first arrow you muchyour Ski": you succeed if you make a successfulroll.
Do the same for the second target and arrow butadd to the number you roll when Testing your Skill,and on the third go add 2 to the number rolled.
If yousucceed with all three rolls you win 5 Gold Pieces andthen have to leave the stall (turn to 167).
If you failany of the rolls you lose.
You may have up to threegoes before you have to move on from here (turningto 167).
105You find yourself in a luridly decorated chamber.
On display are all manner Of musical instrumenis,lutes, viols.
horns, a harp and nn omateiy painted
harpsichord.
Another door leads out of the MusicRoom on the opposite side of the chamber.
You startcross the room but are barely halfway across whengreat cacophonous noie erupts from the instrumentsaround you, a jangling of bells, twanging Of harp-strings, jü-ugling of keys, crashing of chords andtumpeting of horns.
As the spectral music continues,you run for second door.
Rod two dice.
If the totalis than, or equal to, your CHANGE score, turn to225.
If it is greater, you make it out of the roomsuffering no ill after effects (turn to 321).
106Vigour — Your continued transformationinto a Were%'01f has granted you an increasedT,etabolism and resistance to damage.
After a battleyou may restore up half the number of STAMINA?0ints you lost during the fight.
Also, if you suffer anyinjuries outside a combat situahon you may reducefre damage sustained by point.
Make a note Of thisnew special ability your Sheet and theniurn to the paragraph with the same number as theone you were last instructed to write down.
107You hurry over to Ulrich.
At first you are thrilled tothat he is not dead — he Lies handclamped over the wound to hig thmat — but then yourealise that there is something else terribly wrong.
Bylight Of your lamern you See that Ulrich's eyesHave turned blood-rcd and hig face is pulsating, as
ütough the b&leath are rearranøng themselvesThe wounded woodsman you with that samered-ey«i stare.
is one word hema•uge to utter his voiæ bemrn« an anima]Nar.
Backing away Ln disbelief you cannottear your eyes away as Ulrich suffers his own flnh-warping transformation.
His body swells, burstinghis clothes at the seams, covered in thickbrown hzur.
At time the whole shape Of hishead change — ga ining a snout and fang-filled maw —while hÉ hands change into heavy paws_ He is askin-change: but the *cond skin he Wears beneathhuman cne is that of a wild bear' Rising on its hindlegs, bellowing ferociously, the Werebear aftacks! Youhave no choice but fight your friend.
WEREBEARSKILL 8 10Slow to anger and yet highly dangerous once amuæd.
Ulrich u•ue Werebeac is a formidable opponent.
If hewounds you more twice, add to your CHANGEIf you win this battle, turn to 200.
After everything you have told or dixoveredfar.
you really do begin to imagine that this is all tooeasy.
Lowering the cup you take A step towards themonk, trying to peek under his cowl.
The unexpectedblow come from behind as a blu"t instrtunent cracksacrcss the back 0' your head.
You fall unconxiousfloor of the herbarium.
Lose STAMINA poinb andturn to 16.

Since my grandfather's time there has talk Of thewild wc»ds par6 being haunted.
Everyin a wh.
ie a warulering Or a child would*ray from the path and get lost in the never toseen again.
Whenever that happened the villagefolk would always look knowingly at one another andsay, Howling called them and lheywent.
"''But what is the Howling?' you ask.
it is the can of wild.
that it's theghosts Of all animals that have hunted to aviolent end in the wild woods,' Konrad ON 'Butwhatever it IS, over the last year therehave been moreand more strange occurrences, tmtil last month whenthe attack began.
But you'll for yourself SoonNone the wi*r, but feeling a lot les certain, you doyou can to prepare to face whatever it is that is*treatening StriR0iva.
Turn to 395.
Your foot touches a flagstone, which is the trigger foranother trap.
floor drops away and you cannotstop yourself plummeting through the trapdoor intoa vertical chute.
You drop down the pipe until anotheropening appears beneath you.
You pass through thehole to find yourself freefalling through the air intothe Garou Gorge, the protruding turret vanishinginto the velvet night sky above you.
There is no waythat you can Survive a fall from Such a height.
Your
adventure ends with your body smashed to onthe rocks at the bottom of the gorge far below.
You wake from feverish and terrifyingly realisticdream, in which a wolf is snapping at you withslavering jaws.
You open your eyes and find yoursclflooking up at the cobwebbed rafters of a woodenshack You are suddenly brought back to the presentwith a start, a rush of unbidden and unpleasant mcm.
ories whirling through your mind.
You remembercatching sight of the hut between the trees, a beaconOf hope in the cold, wolf-haunted night.
Your nextrecollection is a painful one— the savage attack by theBlack Wolf - and then you recall lhe (ace of thewoodsman peering down at you, his axe grippedfirmly in his meaty its sharp edge ruddy withthe wolf's blocxi.
Bul now you are lying on Ehe uncomfortable, straw.
stuffed mattress of a pallet bed.
You force yourself tcsit up and gasp in pain from the savage wolf biEe youreceived to your shoulder.
'You want to take care Oithat.
' you hear a gruff voice say and you turn insurprise — wincing again as the wound smarts — lc seea thickset, bearded man sitting at a table next to astone chimney breast, smoking a pipe.
His carewornface is lit by the dull orange glow of a fire, crackling inthe hearth.
'I've cleaned and dressed the wound asbest I can but its going 10 take to heal.
' A candleburns in the window and outside all is shrouded indarkness.

Not really sure where you who the man is, or whyhe's chosen to take care of you.
you mumble yourthanks.
'Come.
sit.
Tner€s something I have to showyou.
' Cautiously you rise from lhe bed and join rhcman at the table.
Tm Ulrich, and I make my living asforester in these wild woods,' he says, proffering hishand as you lake a seat.
On the table in front of thewoodsman is a bundle of bloodstained cloth,and you find yourself wondering why a seeminglyeccent man would want to live out here in such awild.
isolated and dangerous place.
'What happened?' you ask, Mlable to rake your eyesoff the crimson bundle that lies between Ehe two ofyou.
And so Ulrich relates his version Of evene.
was inside his shack when he heard the wolveshowling and your cries- Taking up his axe.
he rushedto your aid.
'l managed to lay a evage wound on that black wolf.
'he explains.
'Sent it packing, the rest Of Sorry packafter, once they saw their leader bested.
''You wanted to Show me you rernindUlrich.

•rndeed I do,' he mutters, and begins to unwrapbundle in front of him 'I told you I dealt the wolf asavage blow.
in fact, I cut off its paw At least, itwas a paw to begin with Ulrich peels back the laststrip of bloods Yained cloth, •But tell me, that looklike a paw to you?'Lying the table in front or you a gnarled black-furred claw.
somewhere between a human hmd anda 's paw.
Horror twists your heart its chillinggrip.
Before Ulnch even has a chance to explain.
youalready know what he is going to 'That wasn't awolf that a ttacked you out in woods tonight.
It was a'We•ewolf!' you finish You know what thÉ æars.
Itwould explain yourfrverishrB horrible halhKin-atory dream.
For the bite Of werewolf — a manto take on the form of a wolf when mmnlight bathesthe world — carrie the dread disease Of lycanthropy,selfsame affliction that is responsible for its ownghastly transformation.
It is good as a deathsentence, for without a cure, the only furure you canlook fore,'ard 10 is one of madness and murder, as thewolf inside you strugglß to free itseif and satisfy itsblcxxuust.
You stare at the yotesque Object lying theEven as you watch, it appear' to become morehuman and less animal in form.
Seeing your reaction,Ulrich Says.
'fris is an evil thing and should bedestroyed.
Throw it into the and done with it.
'
want to Utrow the changing hand into the fireimmediately (tum to aye), or do you want to adoser lmk at it first (turn to 139)?You s,kiliully ake control of the horse and the stage-Then.
suddenly flaring you heara terrible from båind and 'eel your blmd turn toice.
Turning, you see the huge and dreadful form Ofthe Werebeast as it leaps over the back Of the carriage,claws outstretched to tear you limb from limb.
If youhave a crossbow or pistol, and something to fire, tumto 49.
If not, turn to 206.
A1 ymar killmg blow he demm {o theground, the bulg--.
ng milky orb of iB blind eye stillstaring up at you.
As you watch, the Shuck's bodytegins to bubble and smoke, dissolving into a foulbl ack slime, Witil all ht is left are a Few bones and itsyellowed fangs.
You lmk up to that the door to thedupel—shrine A man, ina wom and patched robe and sporting an equallyunkempt beard.
is standing at the threshold holdinglarge silver cross.
He has seen everything.
•It appears Iowe you a debt of thanks,' the guardian of the shrinesays.
'May the gods bless you.
' Regain LUCK pointand lose 2 CHANGE points thanks to the priest'sblessing.
Add the codeword Nomed to your AdventumSheet and turn to 367.

114At your final, killing stroke, the giant maggot goeinto its death-throe.
Convulsing violently, il thrash—about in the slick mess of its own yellow ichor-blood.
Its segmented tail hits one of the incense-burningbraziers.
sending the brass stand crashing 10 the floorand hot coals cascading across the flagstones Of thesanctuary.
of Ehese come 10 rest among thegathered swathes 01 church vestments.
In meremoments fabricis alight and æconds later fim hasseized hold 01 the Abbey buildu-lg.
It somehow stemsfitting that the corruption that was at work hereshould now be purged with fire.
(Regainpoint.
)Taking nothing frmn this temple, youthe Abbey.
No one tries to stop you as you run backthrough the courtyard to Ihe main entrance.
and fromthere you follow winding track back through thecrags.
By the time you ret-um 10 thehighway, the nightsky to the east is lit up for miles around by the blazingbeacon of the burning Abbey.
Eventually you can go no without stopping torest.
You sleep fitfully, in a ditch beside the road, andcome the morning you are on your way again, Turnto 500.
You deliver what you would have thought was akilling blow against lhe Highwayman's body.
Butwhat's this? The undead criminal still stands, laughingat your vain anempts to destroy him.
'You cannot kill
116what does Eve!" the Headlessdeclares triumphantly.
Barely controlling your risingsense of panic, you choose a course cf action.
Will you to destmy the symbol marked out thefloor or the stable (turn to 41), up the skullt rum to 295) or ran for it while you soll can (turnto 93)?Making your way betwæn the tali, sharply pitchedbuildings, you arrive at the village square, where animpromptu appears to be taking piace.
villagers pre*nl are all carrying pitchforks, scythesand other objæts.
which might well be improvisedw eav»ns.
As soon as they become aware of yourpresence, a hush falls over the assembled throng andI eyes fix on you.
making you feel incredibly uncom-rlab)e.
A lean, middle-aged man, wil.
h thiry•-.
ing greyhoir and wearing a chain mail-covered leather tunic.
detaches from the crowd and approac.
hE you.

He holds his hands open to show that he means no ill,but the scabbarded sword buckled to his trlt andseely 100k in his eyes suggst man is not to befooled with.
'HO, friend,' he caffs.
'We don't get manystrangers us in these parts.
Where are you fromand what we do for you?' How will you answerthe man's question? Will you tell him the üuth, thatyou were travelling through the backwoods whenyou were attacked by a pack of wolves (turn to 57)? Iyou ted him that you were traveLling fmmPriubad to Saarven when you left the andbecame lost the forest (tum to 135)? Or will you teuhim that you are a wardering sword-for-hire in searchof an employer who might appræi.
ate your(turn to 268)?You beckm Archer's to side.
shas confirmed that her name is Leisel you tell her howyou met her brother Hans at The Gibbet Tre.
As youtell her Of his heartbroken for her, in orderbring her home again, she bursts into tears.
'I was toohasty,' she gays between sobs.
'I should not have lefthome So suddenly.
Oh my poor Hans.
I must return tohum , Thank you, mnger, for bringing me news of mybrother.
May the gods bless you You feel the warmglow of a good job well done, and feel that you havachieved something to help repair the broken relation.
ships Of an unhappy home.
Regain LUCX point antum to 167.

Convert the letters of the winter elemental'sunto using the B=2, Z=26.
Add the numbers together and Ehen turn to theparagraph, which is the same as the total.
theparagraph makes no senq you have got ete creature'sname wrong and you are going to have Eo ry adifferent approach.
Will you thxeaten tie aeat•ure tolet you pass (turn to or wu you try sornethingelse (turn to •65)?Bravely — or fm•lishly — you up Of thesludgy grea-u broth in a and it to yourIn one bold action you gulp down iS contenB.
Yougasp at foul taste and it is all you can do to Stopgorge rising.
SAowry *'tim takes effe«.
Awarming glow %'reads throuø10ut yourevitalising every of ym.
lr being.
You have justswallow«i kind Of Y*Aling RBtoreSTAMINA EÄ)irtb to half your Initial STAMINAMore, rounding fractions up, reduce yourMore by 4 poine (noting that it cannot drop below 1),that ülere is hope yet for your cause, willyou now;Ltx»k at the book?I-mve the kitchen and take the otherpassageway leading from theentrance hall ?Turn 10 33BTurn to 340Leave and pass through the double doorsat the of the grmd stairca*?Turn to

120—121a burst of brilliant blue-white light, lightning ischannelled through the various conducting rods andwires to the table, which lies the scientist's ungodlya-eat-ion.
The part-flesh, construct jolbviolattJy with the unbridled elemenul power of thestorm coursing lhmugh it.
And then the violence ofÜve tempet echo rumbling over the distantmou-uta.
in peaE.
For a moment all is still.
the airaround you hot with the smell of bumt ozone, but theCalm is short-lived.
With a of steaming pistonsand the clank of mechanical joints, the monstrousto its fæt.
jaw lettingout a terrible moaning wail.
'It's alive!' the scientistshous with unbridled glee.
'Never again willaccuæ Arcanum of being a madman!' andeven he bursts "'to a fit of hysterical laughter.
'And toetink.
you have had the horonr of witnßing mygolem's birth.
' The hulk•ng a:snstruct turns to faceu1d clanking step advu•ceyou.
arms oubt•retchd You know you must at leastattempt to stop this thing, which should never havepven life a: all.
only suitable weaponmight ruve at your disposal is an Iron Rod.
If ycnjhave such an object, tum to 77.
If not, you are going tohave to rely on cold steel once again (turn to 152).
With all your weight hanging from one hand.
as you*arch for your next foothold, the brick you areholding comes loose.
Instinctively you let go and
reach for another, but In your haste your clutchingHngers slip the wet mould and finds no purchaseUnbalarxed, you yotr footi.
ng and plunge intopit.
You hit the bcmom with a in aof water, among heaps ofjarring your shoulder •nd twisting your We.
STAMINA Ex:ints and 1 SKILL point.
) Painfully, you pullto your feet.
Tum to 2M.
You find yourself following a slope downwards into acave, which little more than a wide tunnel, with twofurther tunnels leading off it.
Gold gleams in the dark-a Of glittering yellow metal coursingthmugh one wall wher it comæ to the surface.
EyingfM-edowm ground, bakaEh he seam of gold, isthe of a Dwarf.
From the Gindle tohis helmet and picu.
xe lying at side, as well asthe pack still on his back, you take the to be aprospector- You cautiously crouch down next 10 thebody and feel for a pulse.
The Dvva_rf is dead, but whatkilled him? Then you see the two puncture holes inhis neck They 100k Ilke those that might have beenmade by a vampire — or a veg large spider.
If youwant to search the rh•arf's turn to IIyou will have to leave this dividing Of the ways: butwhich way will you go?Ahrg crawl-space of an exit? to "Akmg a wide circular tunnel?Turn toAkmg a stalactite-hung Tum to
You notiæ that the mum wean various charmshairw around tus n«k.
oi stars to pul*w:tf•, a warm yellow light and he hold of it.
as iffor ma»urarwe 'Just as »ys darkly.
't*p Were is up«1 yw.
niÜ1t creature!' Your feel abattle is iruevitabk, and draw your sword in read.
ir—.
Tum to 465.
Bidding Grandmother Zekove a hasty farewell, youhead into the night once mc•N, Ulrich at your side.
You are determined to lunaEc topound and put an to Lh_is Living nightmare.
Itrut hard to mark the wolvæ• pasüug.
You finda path at a stumblingrail with You awaxe 01dßtant yelps and twwls.
Behind yw a sudder„r,arlimg roar-.
you rura to the Black Wolf launchhum the darkness the Buthis rime it is Ulriå who is the target — the creaturehas revenge on its mind.
You hear a sickening crunchand Ulrich howls in pain as the wolf sinks its teethinto his throat.
Then the woodsman Leg still.
Youwatch, frozerm for a moment in disbeEeving horror.
aswolf from ULHch's prone form and youit is row on is hind legs.
ChiyCreature is a wolf no Jmger.
IS ismore like nut of a man.
although it still covered inblmk fur and unmistakeable andarrow-tip of a wolf.
It has *'mething
125—116more than beast and than human.
Lips curlingback from bloodied fangs, the Black Werewolf gmW15menacingly and turns towards you.
You have nobut to fight.
BLACK WEREWOLFSKILL 7 STAMINA 7The beast will not run from this fight and you Will notlet it.
One way or another, this will be a fight to thedeath, If you prevail, turn to 229.
125The instant expoæd flame of your lantern touchesthe hanging cobwebs, the silken strands burst intoflame.
The fire spreads rapidly thmughout the cham-ber, v.
'i&'l rn«wtertrapped at its centre.
With dieSpider-Qu&n's blood-chilling echoing inyour ears, you flee the bejewelled cave.
The cavemmnsumed by Hams.
thick black smoke pous into thenetwork of underground tunnels: you wit] not be ableto reQnter the cave now.
you are going to continuesearching the cavß beneath Sundered peak.
make anote that if you are ever given the option of visitingparagraph 442 you may not choose that path.
Thereare Only two exits from this place.
Will you fellow thetunnel of stalactites (turn to In) or thetunnel (turn to 405), or will you quit the spider-infested caves altogether (tum to 331)?The footprint of the Tower of Maun is larger than youhad at first thought.
main tower keep obviouslyrises above the mote extensive layout Of the ground
You End kitchens and storage rooms (andage to find a-tough dry goods to make up 3 Mealswor&l of Provisions) but the most impressive room isa large banqueting hall.
lite table, which is set for 'odL•xner guests, has been laid for supper — but how longago? The plales, cardlesicks and enpty goblets areall covered in the fine gossamer veils of spider• webs.
You may take a pair of Silver Candlesticks thetable but there is really nothing of We to you here.
Tum to 1.
'Mirror, mirror, hear me SFRak- Ih *Iver [hgger iswhat I seek.
' As as you luve glaß infront of you to ripple and your reil«tionfade.
is by image aSilver Dagger.
its hilt towards you.
(R.
in LUCKpoint.
)Add *Iver (o Equipme"t List ya•rA dtet'ture Sheet.
You may uæ in combat.
ifyou wish, but becauæ it is not balanced in the sameway as your sword.
you must fight with your AttackStrength reduced by 1 point.
However, injuries youcause any creature with the word 'We:e' in name
will suffer damage (3 STAMNA points ratherthan the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to theirThe Silver Dagger Will also harrn Undead •ndDemons but m this case cause 2 STAMINApoints Of damage.
Certain that you are one Step closer to defeating theevil that holds all of Lupravia in its taloned grip, andfreeing yourself from the Curse of the Werewolf.
youleave the turret room, return to the Map Room.
andpass through the Tum '*1.
FW.
ger•tiF$ brush agairst the fibrmg andwith a lurch.
you maruge to hold •s youfew inche into ryaty It • 'lowand Mring but in manaF to pullOf the swamp, uttil you lie pantingbr•wå Brassy numrK1.
As you lie felingStrength return to "Air Rhing limb youawue of a light by Lmking up youCan marshlights 0'.
-'erground, glowing with a y:intilladngcence.
The rnovernOit of the baus 01 light ishypnotic and you am entranced by strange dartingmovements of one in particular.
The glowing marsh-L8ht is surging towards you, and is now pulslng amalevolent crimson You barely have time to get toyour feet and unsheathe your sword befom theo'-the-Wisp is upon you, intent cn feeding off yourlife—force,WILLO.
THE-WISPSTAMINA6
1.
9—-130maöcal crature can be harmed by the Steelo ' blade you wield but it h8hS back with sizzlingbole of Ziergy.
Every time it makes a successful hitagainst you, the malevolent rrXAhlightyou 3 STAMINA poins of damage.
If you kill the Wdl-o' •&me-W , ete unkwwn forts holding its 6tmEgether Itsipate into ere ail, leaving b&drd ete*Larp smell of ozone.
as creature fizz away torwådng.
Tumnte •dmib you youcomplex of stu-æ bl.
nldi.
1V to fre d«mi-a ümple palkt depre AE later mothz mmrk face hHdm by cowlhE like fist — ycm a bowl ofmd a cup of der wate yæ wantbea t the hz (turn 145).
m would rattvr nt your own (Ormthing at all) *tthv down (turntiptoe you and run your hngas overimage 01 Wulfen, as the old witch advi*d.
hecastle gates fel slightly raised and.
confident thisthe for the door.
youapply pressure at this point.
Witt a click, a doorhidde within the painHng of the map of Lu via —frat you would never have been able to find— swings opal.
Beyond is a narrow stone staircase.
you want to dimb this new staircase (turn 512) or
131—133would you rather leave the Map Room through thcdoor in the far wall (turn to 321)?Taking a deep breath you approach the bar andenquire as 10 [he cost of a room for the night.
'Threegold pieces, half board,' he says, •one gold piece forjust the room.
' Ef you are willing to pay the 3 GoldPieces, you find that half board includes a tankard ofale and a coid, spit-roast chicken, restores up tc4 STAMINA points.
If you only pay for the room youwill have to eat one meal's worth of Provisions torestore any energy.
Whatever you decide, you maynow either retire to your room (turn to 258), or stay inthe bar and speaking to the landlord (turn to 155),the barmaid (turn to 188) or the intense young man(turn to 220).
'Balci lies to thenorth and further eastof here is Maun,but that's a day's joumey away.
And on the off-terside of the forest you'll find the town Of Vargenhol,although word has it that that place too has fallen onhard times.
' Now turn to 395.
133If you killed the Arch-Lycanthrope with the WulfenSword, turn to 464.
If not, you do not have the meansto stop the demon from resurrecting Count Varcolac,and there is no way you will be able to prevail againstthe Wcrewarg Prince Of l.
upravia, Your adventule willend here, at the dread claws Of the first Of the WullenWerewolf line ,
134-135134•Step this way,' the sinister Carnivale Mastersays withrw inkle in h_is eyes.
You toss him 2 Gold Pieces, whichhe ca tches in top hat.
•Stay an hour or stay all day:he chirrups, enjoy your Stay, come may.
'?assing beneath the 'Carnivale• banner you explorehe fair beyond.
There are six different spectacles thatcapture your interest.
The first is a midnigh t-blue tentembellished with silver moons and stars.
bearing theSanner•.
'Madame Zelda — Mistress of Mystery'.
Tneis a gaudily painted wagon with the legend•Hall of Mirrors' painted on the side.
Next comes theominous sounding • Cage' and after thal a stall called•Archer's Arrows'.
Then there is a one-man puppetshow, 'Master of Marionettes', which is attractingquile a crowd.
I—ast Of au there is a Large teni thecentre of the Carnivale, which has a ihreatening pair•a f glowering eyes and fang-filled open mou th paintedan the thick canvas.
Outside the drawn back entranceis the sign 'Crookshanks' Cabinet cf Curiosities'.
\Trich of these exhibits would you like to visit first?Madame Zelda.
Mistress Of Mystery?The Hall of MirrorsThe Cage ?Archer 's A rows?The puppet show?Crookshanks' Cabinet of Curiosities?135Turn to 149Turn to 63Turn to 445Turn toTurn to 430Turn to V.
•Cost, you gay?' man's steely eye never wavers ashe considers your gtory.
In an effort to convince him

you begin to babble, embellishing your Eale withpertinent details.
You are not lying exactly, you arejust being a little economical with the truth.
Test yourLuck.
If you are Lucky, turn to 268.
If you are Un-lucky,to 57•136The pasageway eventually ends a', a small, circularchamber, really no more dian an extended alcove, Thefloor of the space has been hollowed out to form a#one bowl, and inside &lis is a writhing mass ofglistening black Leechworms, You are abcut to turnand go back 'he way you have come when you noticewhat looks Like the handle of a dagger protrudingfrom the repulsive, rippling mass.
You could almostbelieve son-Hine was breeding vermin daw-n in thesedungeons.
Do you want to leach into the pit to takehold 01 the hilt and pull it Cut (tum to 482) or wouldyou rather return to Ehe junction (turn to 181)?137Once farmer and his wife are out of the way youmake your move against the Changeling.
The creaturehises and ts at you, baring claws and needle-sharpteeth.
You, in turn, trust in cold stæl, folk-lore havingit that iron is inimical to such as theChangeling.
CHANGELINGSKILL 6 5the Changeling wounds you more than mce, add 1your CHANCE As scon as you defeat the imp,turn to 493.

136The candlelit cellar houses an extensive wine collec-tion, racks and bottles thick with dust.
Many of thebottles stored here are centuries old — completelyundrinkable and yet worth a fortune to the rightcollector.
But you are not here as a connoisseur.
On atable, however, you find a number of dusty bottles ofred wine and sorne of a clear spirit, a number of themalready uncorked.
DO you want drink some Of thered wine (turn to 153), some of the clear spirit (turn Eo171) or would you rather leave the wine cellar and100k elsewhere (tum to 7)?139Taking the hand in y Our own, by the flickering amberlight Of the fire you examine it.
The hand is nowalmost completely human.
except that it still sportsparticularly long and hardened claw-like nails.
Butthere is sornething else.
On the middle finger there is alarge gold Signet ring bearing a remarkable onits circular face.
'Ihe crest shows a howling wolf'shead against a full moon.
If you want to keep thismorbid curiosity, add the Signet Ring to theEquipment list on your Adventure Sheet.
Turn to 290.
And So you come at last to Wulfenstein.
Its buildingsare dusted with snow and cling to the edge of theGarou Gorge, a great rift that drops hundreds of feetfrom these mountainous highlands to the RagingRiver that lies in thundering spray and darkness farbelow, The rundown village is watched over by a
141—143brooding castle that stands at the lip of the cliff, highabove Wulfenstein, its broken battlements forming a*gged line against the sky.
Dusk is spreading tspurple-grey mantle over the snow-capped rnoun?amsb the north, which in turn cast their shadows acrcs5roofs of the village.
Your first impression is that ita feral place, more home to animals than humans.
Mangy curs pick over detritus in the streets and thereno one to check your If you have thecudeword Aytak recoded on your Adventure Sheet,turn to 196.
If not, tum 1019.
[f you are able to with a Silver Dagger, turn to192.
If you do not have such a weapon, turn toCreeping along the you enter a «•ctimis the size Of a stnall room, where several tunnelsmeet wi thin the heart Of Sundered peak Tst your Ski].
If you succeed, turn to 292.
If you fail, turn to 383.
df you have here before, to 236 straightaway.
)Stili feeling uneasy, Frying to shake the paranoidfeelings Of malicious in tent, you return to the road.
Aware that twilight is rapidly giving way to night,will you now make for the sanctuary among the peaksto the east (turn to 11) or press north towardsVarger,hof, knowing tha t you wid have to make campunder the stars (turn to 96)?
to complete your •rrh for the Anh-Lyant.
hmF ard free yourælf from leg•cy.
you pt—s east the well afieThe moon riæs, alrnost full row, the scuddingsilhouettes Of clouds whipped it by the risingwind.
9udows move on the road in the strobingmoonlight.
You cannot help but stare at the glowingdisc of the moon.
and as the moonlight is reflected inyour eyes, you a change occurring with-in everyfibre of your being.
Make a note of &uenumber onyour Adventure Sheet •nd toYou tuck into the hearty broth with great gusto and ina matter of minutes you have emptied the bowl.
(Regain up to 4 STAMINA points.
) You suddenly feelvery tired and lie down on the pallet bed.
You areasleep as as your head hits the pillow.
Turn to 16.
146through the at he top of stairca*,you find in a mu&l smaller.
ant«hamber.
you are two Walnut•doors.
A brass pEaque on ü•ue left L'
ecrkd with the words Map Rmm• .
A similar meulthe dm•r to the reads 'Music Ro«n'.
Asyou can rw way m.
will you Map{tum to or Ron (1%)?mg all your oi dapenæ.
adreulin-fuelled courage, with your sword rared above youryou charge the wolf even as it launches Itself atyou.
But having seiæd the Initiative, it is you whohnds the first blow The wolf squeals in pain, andeven, ib pain turned to anger, it is upon you.
BLACK WOLSAfter two Rotmds, or if reduce thefirst.
tum at to *71.
tum from in interuiingrun the Abkn•y.
But you do so, themonstrosity convulses, vomiting coplous amounts ofOver you.
which is Of a highly acidic nature.
Rollme dice, divide the total by (rounding halves up)and a dd 3 to the number (Siving you total Of between4 and 6)' your STAMINA Rore by this manypints.
you ale alive.
you are tofight the monster.
Tum to 426.
149Pulling aside curtam hungyou step Oxto tlr of and stars.
A fug Of
150—151incense smoke you.
Siting behind a circulartable draped with a blue velvet cloth is awoman, overly made-up and wearing layer uponlayer 01 coloured veils and shawls.
her head is acrimson turban, held together by a sapphire pin.
Acrystal ball rests in its carved ebony cradle in front ofher.
'VVelcome, stranger,' Madame Zelda says, heraccent strong and probably overdone for effect.
'Crossmy palm with gold and I will reveal to you all that thefuture has in store.
' If you want to pay for thisprivilege, deduct the gold from your Adventure Sheetand turn to 224.
you do not want to spend anylonger here.
turn Eo -167.
150A vicious barking snarl ßcaping from betwæn theWerewolf' s slavering jaws.
the changed CountARCHA„YCANMROPE16If (he Werewolf wounds you at au, add 1 to yourCHANCE Score.
If you reduce Arch-Lycanthrope•sSTAMINA score to 6 points or less, or after AttackRounds — if you last that long — turn immediately to503.
The hunting party makes it back to the lown w Ithoulfurther ado, only to discover that the Beast has struckagain; this time to the south ot Vargenhof, breakinginto a mill, slaughtering the miller and Yus farn.
ily.
Without pausing to rest, you and the rest Of the hunt
152—153set off to the scene of the crime, but by the ume youget there Beast is long gone.
(Lose 1 LUCK pointand add 1 10 your CHANGE score.
) Returning oncemore to the town meeting hall, you spend the rest Oflhe night camped inside the building, along with theOther hunters.
When you wake it is well past noonand time you were on your way.
Turn to 507.
•152The hulking man-made monster advances on youwith heavy, lumbering steps, tiny blue sparks —mirroring the storin raging the heavens —bursting in eyes.
The creature's mouth opens in abaleful as its fat, d«aying fingers reach for yourneck.
GOLEM HULKSKILL 9 STAMINA 11Event time the Golem wins an Attack Round, roll onedice.
On a Of 5 or 6, construct grabs youboth hands and delivers a shocking burst Ofelectrical energy, 'or 3 STAMINA of damage.
Lfyou manage to defeat the shambling behemoth.
tumto 169.
153You lake a swig from one of the bottles and as you feelthe thick liquid trickle down your throat, you realiseyour horrific mistake.
Red wine in a supposedVampire's castle! What were you thinking? It is 001winc Ehat fills these bottles but human blood! Yourecoil aghast, spitting to clear the foull taste from yourmouth, buE the damage has already been done.


wolf inside you luxuriates at the taste Of the blood andtakes a stronger hold cm your body.
(Add 1 to yourCHANGE score and lose 1 LUCK point.
) Hurling thebottle Of blood to the floor, you cannot leave the cellarfast Turn to 7.
154Your ascent of the pit shaft, although tiring, dcæ notcome widi any more nasty surprises and you haulyourself into the gub terranean chamber withou t suffer-ing any unpleasant accidents.
Still uncertain aswhat happened here.
you know that there is nothingelse for you here and so make your way back throughthe disorientating ruing.
An unhdy ritual was carried Oul here years ago, a Ateso that it left its mark an the world.
The feeling of a lingering malignance is its legacy andthe longer you have spent in the ruins, the more thatinsidious presence has fed on your own fears, until ithas become *rong enough to manifest in physicalform.
It appears before you now, a leering demoniclace coalescing out of the air in front of you- It is athing Of rughtmares, an amalgam Of everything youhave ever feared.
Vile writhing bodies and hairyspider legs break through tears in tl•æ leathery skin ofthe grotesque gargoyle face.
And then the thing growswrongly jointed limbs Of its own.
black hollowsof its eyes dripping with maggots, the Malice scuttlestowards you like a spider on legs Ehat might be armsand grabs you with hands that might be feet, allthe time hissing like a susur ration of cockroaches.

155-156THEMALICESKILL 8 STAMINA 9If you defeat the Malice, the evil entity seems to meltlike wax and its pure black essence runs away into thenight-deepened shadows.
Your heart pounding inyour chest, you run the rest of the way to the mad.
Turn to 143.
155'Quiet night,' you say conversationally, desperatelytrying to improve the pervading mood 01 the bar andyet not wishing 10 make mention of your recent,unsettling experience the road.
•What do you expect?' the man says gruffly.
'Hrst thatwretched cur 01 a highwayman kept the customersaway thanks to his one-man crime wave, and nowhe's dead his ghost is scaring people off.
I'm thinkingof selling LIP a_nd raking my daughter to try our luckin Bathoria, not that anyone would want to buy thisplace.
Embarrassed, you make your excuses and decide 10speak to the barmaid, whom you take to be the land•lord's daughter (turn to 188), or the young man (turnto zzo), or you can retire your room (turn to 258).
156You find yourself in a colonnaded nave.
A pungent,sickly sweet smell fills the mote-shot air, thick withincense smoke, illuminated by smouldering charcoalbraziers.
The murmur Of plainsong echoes from thebarrel-vault 01 the choir.
Drawn by the echoing chant,
157—159keeping to the shadows between the pillars, you creepalong the nave towards the incense-shrouded sanc-tuay.
Test your L' {Ck.
[f you are Lucky turn 80.
If youUnlucky, turn to 439.
157•The Shuck is a terrible beast, a phantom hound, sentto vex Father Corran, ihe priest who tends he shrineof Saint Cracius and the healing well that lies there.
The shrine lies north and west of here across the*eacherous Fcnrnoor.
The Shuck is said to have onlyone eye, which is as cold and white as the moon, andnags like knives.
Although how anyone can knowsuch things, I know not, for it is also said that tho*who look upon the face of the beast die of fright.
' Addcodeword Enirhs and turn to 395.
158further on along the passageway you come 10 aianclion, Three short corridors lead away to the left,•to the right and straight ahead, all ending at doorswhich, ycu presume, lead 10 other rooms.
There areno indicators as what behind these doors so willyou choose the door:TO your left?Straight ahead of you?TO you right?159Tu cn to 428Turn to 496Turn to 310You have 10 crouch low to keep from cracking yourhead on the rough rock of the ceiling only a matter of
thbin a cave that is btt.
le aOf waya waya tunnd'a pebble-'trewrt pas*geway?%llow a yeuow quarüTumTurn 142rum toYou walk mile after mile almg the road north.
throughbleak grey hills, without seeing another Soul abroadthis late autumn day.
The road zi*S out Of thedesolate valley onto a stretch Of windswept moorlandYou your way urder a leaden sky as the sunsinks towards the horizon.
If you have ccxåewordEnirhs recorded your Aåtrnture Sleet, tum to 511; iinot.
turn toThe sorrowful voice continues its song and you feelthat it speaking directly to you.
even though noClear words are ever uttered.
Entranced by the mes•merising Voice.
you find your feet turning from thepath towards the water •s edge.
Test your Skill.
If yousucceed.
turn to 46.
If you fail.
tum to 64.
Ibe spider•woman lets out a piercing and, alleight legs moving simultaneously.
gallops towardsyou.
In the battle to come.
if you ch0(se to defendyour—lf with tir Silver you from
163any wounds you mcxutrOuSBlack will her 3 STAMINA Ofdamage, the has power over her, butwill have to fight with your Attack Strength redtxedby 1 point.
Now turn to 252 and face your fate.
163Putting a hand to the equally unsteady banister youbegin to climb stairs.
You are almost at topwhen a thickset, hunched figure appears aboveyou floor up.
man's face hcrriblydeformed, his hair long and lank.
You realise thatis hurrhed is, in fact.
hunchbrked.
•Mathtert• the wretched creature shouts over hisshoulder.
havevoice.
this or-w fre Of impediments.
Calbback.
•Deal with it, Igor.
moment is close now, theinterruptd with it!'At his master's command.
the Hunchbackdown the towards you.
aabove his head.
HUNCHBACKFor the duration of this fight you must reduce yourAttack Strength by point because of the precariousposition you are in halfway up the staircase with youropponent above you.
If the Hunchbxk wins twoconsecutive Attack Rounds, turn to 393.
If he does not,and you manage to rduce STAMINA 5less, turn to 422.

164Despite feeling fatigued by your travels pu find, asyou lie unsing and turning on ute hard palletsla•p not readily come.
nere is something notquite right about ttüs place, no matter how wum themonk' welcome has tren.
and wolf ü1S1de youfeels threatd*d too.
Unable to skep, you tuve toout more.
C«ping Ütmugh the darknøs ofcomplex — sword at your 'ide, pack on your back —you make your way out of the dormitory.
At the ofthe muüs' night-stairs you pau* hearing Itis the two monks from earlier and they are talkingabout youl Then you hear one 01 them say, Thewill enjoy his audience with our pilgrim.
' There is asinister chuckle underlfing the monk s words.
•Come: the Other.
•let us not hßwaiEng any longer.
draughtwill not last for much longer.
'There is no tune to — tyr Nack Monks are comingfor you and you cannot certain how many tt*rvare.
You decide to the fnct dial the rnmks pmbablyurink you to your advanuge.
and hurry
thrm• YOping to nuke youway back the entrance and out theeval you ar gm*.
getawaybe to plan unül.
tulfway along A flag-stonedcloister a slab bemeath you and hingedownwards, drHT•ing you a 'teeply s•ingdute.
Uruble to arrst ymar you slide dawnhe p'.
pe a foeud darkness below.
Turn to 194.
Explaining preci*ly how you came to acquire theSilver Dagger you show Vereticus the exquisite blade.
His reaction is to pull down a scroll from a high shelfand unroll it on his book-cluttered desk.
On the scrolla picture of a dagger has been drawn and itexactly the one yourexclahns.
•Ard you thisdagger was in the FRBs&.
ion Of snakewoman?She must have been 0! Iit w" She who led the actual Sumrrorü.
ngCeremmy.
A •idßhow freak youSnakewoman? how the mighty have Well,Oley do Out power corrupeho it Now return tu 260.
166to WuUmstGn,wolve in.
gapping at the ofwhirnyi.
ng and marling as they struggle togain the coura to make a lea p for carriage itself.
1B t Luck.
are Lucky.
turn to If youUnlucky, tum to 223.

a you haven't been to already, Willyou visit Madame Zelda.
Oi Mystery (turn to149).
the Hall Of Mirrors (turn to 63).
the Cage (turn to445), Archer's Arrows (turn to 104), the puppet show(tum to 430), Crookshanks' Cabinet of Curiosities(tum to 41).
or alee-natively, will you now leaveCarnivale (turn to 106)?you topractically jump out of it.
hoary skin.
There is powerin knowing the tn.
* nams of thinæ.
and namean dernental creature this is to able tocommand it to do your bidding.
VMthout a moment'shesitation you declare that the sprite should •Begone!'and with an ear-piercing shriek Shiversprite evapor-into thin air.
Regain point and turn to 314.
is wild ua fenx•ious Laghb•üngOf tie tower again.
Who Out lighmingnever strlkes in the same place twlce? Elementalenergy from the lightning storm several firesthroughout the scientist's lab.
'My creature! Mybeautiful creation!' the deranged Professor Arcanumhowls and falls to his knees beside the smoking ruinof his golem.
And then, screeching like a wildcat, hishunchbacked Servant is upcm you.
(If you have foughthim already, reduce his STAMINA score listed belowHUNCHBACK6 STAN.
LNA7
II you win this with Igor in five Attack Rotmdsor tum If it longu than five At-txkRoun&, tum toAt vaH0t.
B smlls atM.
•nd puof Lhi.
næ you miÖtRope and W"pleand sixand106 Gold Piece3 Piæ128 GOBCold1 GoldThe maÉrity of itcu listed do not anyexpLæuEon.
There • few you should beaware Of.
issword.
but if widi thisyou your Auck by 1 Youmay cro%bow in each battle you fightin cmü"t (asstill have quarr& to Fur Skilland youroppa•zrt STAMINA a roll 01 tieBrea+te will redtre any damage •g•irbt youby 1 point.
You may buy as many Meals' worth ofProvisioru pu can afford, Meal will rstoreup to 4 Imt STAMINAMake whatever purtham you desue (as lmg as you

171—172have enough money, Of course) and then decide Whatyou would like to do next.
Will you:Visit alchemist-c am-metallurgisesstand?Turn to 54Join the hunting par tybefore the townhall?Leave Vargenhof altogether ?171Turn to 201Turn to 507vcxlka bums your mou th and throat as you take aswig, but It is soon filling your whole body with aradiant glow.
You may restore up to 3 STAMINA pointsOr drinking the spirit, but the next tirne you areinstructed to Test your Skill you must reduceSKILL by 1 point.
That said, the vodka also fills youwith renewed courage: for the duration of the nextbattle increase your Attack Strength by 1 point.
Doyou now to drink some Of the red wine (turn to153) or will you now leave the cellar (tum to 7)?172Snarling and snapping at each other, two hideouswolfish forms appear from around end of thestreet.
At first you them to be wolfrnen.
It is onlypass from deeper shadows into a pool offailing daylight that you make out rips in theirGbrous through which Can be seen baregreen-grey internal organs and exposed ribs.
Some-times they move on their hind legs like men, some-times cn all fours — and they have your scent.
Theirburnumg bakfires, the Werewargs — undead
173—174werewolves trapped in a decaying semi-lupine form —attack! Fight these savage monsters together.
SKILL STAMINAFirst WEREWARGSecond WEREWARG7887If you are wounded more than twice, add 1 to yourCHANGE you survive your battle, turn to 390.
173As the Vampiress slashes at you with the talons Of herbare hands, you fight back with cold steel.
Althoughthe wounds you lay against the undead Countessappear to injure her, they close bloodlessly mornenlslater.
Conventional weapons cannot harm his creatureof the night and in the end her seemingly limitless,iron stamina rriu_lnphs as your battle-fatigued bodyeventually gives in.
Without a blessed weapon to useagainst her, the Vampiress tears your body to shreds.
Your adventure ends here.
174At your killing blow, the monstrous creature sinksback under the water.
With the horror slain, you turna tten Gon back to t.
lu? SilverSword , You feel drawto the weapon, your skin goose-pimpling in excitedanticipation.
But something In these ruins is the causeOf the Oppressive, almost overwhelming, atmosphereOf evil that pervades the place like a festering canker.
Do you want to reach into the water and take the blade(tum to 267) or will you spend no longer in the darkand damp, and climb of the well-pit once more(turn to 154)?
175The voicæ of the spectral creat•ures steadily over-*helm your sense unti_l it is the only sound you cantear.
It is as if the ghostly howling is speaking to [heinside you.
It strains to take control of your bodyand as you try to fight the effect your muscles go into9,asm.
(Add CHANGE point.
) Caught in a fit, youpole-axe onto the ground, frothing at the mouth.
Andyou remain while the Strigoivans do all theyun ko rid themselves of the spectral pack, but to noavail.
Ycu_l wake next day, lying on the cold hard groundimtside Strigoiva where (he villagers durnped youafter their traumatic night fighting the ghostly Howl-From the position of the while disc of the sun inleaden sky above you, you judge åiat you haveskpt well into the followLng afternoon, although youno better for it.
Beyond the eastern bouidary ofhe village you are confronted by a parting of theways.
you follow road as it divides to the(turn to 160) or the east (turn to 478), or will youäke the less well-used track into the forest that lies aOr so to the north-east Of Strigoiva (turn to 8)?
thunder rolls Sky and bghmir.
•flashes ova mounh_i.
ns far to north A storrncoming and you wou.
ld do well to find tosit It out.
i' trut you catch Ofdilapidated windmill star-ding a hill not 2m yardsup a back off tip road.
*i.
lsby the rising wind, and you cul dte fi flickera tight at a high window.
shelter withinthe windmill (turn to *35) or will you braveelerrne Out in (turn to177Engagmg ü•te prist in conversaHon you som turn tothe bpic of derelict state OfLady Of Maun,' he confide.
'I ttwughi hadOur best at hurt but now not Sure.
It'swhy I'm still here; I want to do all I can to help.
(fthere's evil at work in this place, is source lie withinMaun Tower.
What We need is a brave advmturer toCb.
allenge the «uel Countes in her lair.
Will you takeup If you will.
you must keep ofmuch advarre warning the has that you arecoming by of an raång, Write downon your Adoenturr your ALARM raäng iscurrently 0 and turn to 56 If you do not want totake up the qußt, you it is äme quitVillage alt%eorr (turn to 350).
178You gulp down and immedhly Sickto the pit of your stornach.
However; the podon has
the and.
it has notared you of your lycanthropy, it sigtificandyiS effecb.
Reduce your CHANGE Kore by 4(but it caruot drop 1) and regain 1LL'CX point.
Veretia.
s tells you üut, much as wouldto oftr you bed for night.
he that youon in your *arch for ete Arch-Lycanthrope as, with die appro«h of text f'dlleally is Of the ThaNingKholAr 6r all his help, you leave thestate - but not before 'ére6cus you 3 MeoProvisiuu.
Turn to 46.
life he wett by the name of Lord "RIEhy• Lucr,•Kcmrad explains.
many —atortion and horse-Otealing andmurde — Md hl' repunbon Qread farwide throughout Bris counb•y and •1%atuntil tre roadwardens ran ham to atGibbet Tra inn.
He met his aid there and the',ed warden's captain the highwaymm«it.
h his own in the stable yard of But it•as long people æang Lordabroad again.
Thel tik diMFFarancø trgan.
•d it was said ht Lucre was no longer afterpld and rid-a, but stealing away•enge for his own untimely Now rum to 395.
ne Map Room ukes your breatl away.
There are rwmap or here.
each wall.
and
even the ceiling, has bæn painted with indetaned maps.
TnerE is a map of all the provinces andptü•.
cipalläes of Mauristatia and one that showsent1_rEty of the Old World- There is even a hugestanding crecorner,as tall as a man, aof the whole of ütan.
Covering the broad expansethe wail to your left is a decorative map of the landLupravia, from Strigoiva in the gouth-west totown Of Vargenhof.
Wulfenstein shownprecariously on the lip of the Garou Gorge tonorth-e&t.
An exaggerated picture Of Castlehas been painted.
above the representation Of thevillage it watches over like Sorne forbidding sentinel.
Although the rtx»rn itself is a wonder.
there is nothinghere Of practical use to you and so you pass through adoor in the far wall, and into the corridor beTurn to 321.

181—182ISIThe passageway at another wooden door.
Youthrough into an inquisitorial torturedumber, thick with cobwebs_ From there you pas*.
rough a second door and climb a flight Of stone*Eps until you arrive at another.
ms plain woodenis also ur'ocked so, fuming the handle, you step*rough.
Turn to 356.
Van Richten, the man you killed, might have been apranoid borderline psychotic, but ultimately he"ught on side of Good, intent on saving therople of Lupravia from theirwretched fate.
Althoughonly put an end to him in self-deferce, you have"ped Old Night tighten its grip on this world.
(Loser LUCK point.
) A hasty search of the Vampin Hunter'suncovers a purse cmtaining rc Gold Pieces anda Silver Charm Necklace.
Of course, there are alsoweapons Of his righteous calling: his rapier blade•d the Flintlock Pistol, along with a pouch containingSilver Bullets.
The rapier is lighter and easier toYield Lhan your own sword.
Lyou choose to exchangeweapon for this you may add to your Attack%ength in battles.
Record any items you take on yourEventure Sheet.
(If you want to find out more aboutto use the Flintlock you may turn toruragraph 400 at any time, making a note Of theyou are on at the time first.
) You sper«l theof Lhe night with Van Richten's corpse forand in the misty haze of morning areOlly too keen to be on your way again.
Turn to 250.

•Tell me what you know,' you demand.
purbarely more than a growl.
'Count Varcolac was not always as he is now,'crone explains- •Chce he was an ordinary moralbut he is much greater.
and muchFor au hÄ strength and invulnerability theredung he the touch of silver, md one weaponFråaa_la.
r — a Silver Dagger.
so muchin fact.
that he has to Feat lengths to rudewithin the castle.
while also keeping it tum, fcrfear of anyone else chancing it and usingpower agaübt himcan I find dema-td'Not from here.
' witch stammers, be6teE—tial anger.
•Return to the main hall where youdoubtÄ entered the and climb the stainthe double dmrs you want the Map Rmm.
Inthis tyere is a means 010Fningit is hidd«i wiÜUn pkture Of Castle Wulfen
hond élis door LIS dagger 's rsEng--place.
It isto be guarded but by what I do not hrow.
' Truiss taluable inforrnation •.
ndeed.
(Regain LUCK point.
)Yyou ever Rnd yourself in Map Rmm, to fort deduct 50 from the paragraph you areat the time and rum to this new 'Now,me in peace!' the old marls.
you, as she demands (rum to 467).
finish her first,—t to be sure (tum 50)?184the h_lls to dæ:i, Ikk-at the Of quipffknt arotmd amering heat-haze you the professor pull a bottleLund liquid from a shelf aru:l down itsa-tens in cmly a few gasping He turns to facewith fury his As his b-cdy*ins to expand.
His Wcoat rips along xams asshoulders swell, his arms buløng with ccRds of—axle.
The man's and hands quicklythick hair.
like an
185—187bull, the transformed lumbers towardsknuckles dragging on the ground.
You are no lcng«facing the deranged genius Professor Ana-nun, bitmust rwvv take on the raging animal sidepersonality — Arcanum UnbouuldfARCANUM UNBOUND10 9Ii you overcome the changed professor, with yokilling blow you deliver hirn an almighty cloutends him reeling (turn to 197).
185As you thought, dark water of the pool is iceand, as a result.
wonderfully refreshing.
In fact it •better than that: there are minerals dissolved inwater that revitalise your body, re-energising you.
(Regain 3 STAMINA points.
) Return to 31 and chooseway to proceed.
If you have codeword Retsis or Egnartson your Adventure Sheet turn to 209, (f not, tum to 90187On the first floor you come upon a candlelit corridlined wi&L archaic suits Of armour.
Various weapons —swords and maces mainly — are mounted on the wallsas well as shields bearing various heraldic designsDo you want to take a mace, seeing how youalready have a sword (turn to 278), one of the shieldsturn to 203) or will y ou continue to explore the tower(turn to 7)?
Xöod evening: you say, flashing the barmaid yourmt winning smile.
'How's trade?'barmaid continues to stare at the fire and says"ling- The landlord is watching you edgily frornother end Of the bar.
Then the girl speaks, her votcea faraway quality.
•He still comes to nw, youbow? They My he's gone, but he's not.
A love likears can never be broken.
even can keep ussnaps the landlord.
silencing the girl.
a•nugh, daughter.
Get to the kitchen.
areto wash and tlu? fkx»r needs scruH'ing!•turns to go and ti'wn glances back over±nJlder, fixing you with her Stony arnefhyst gazethe first hme.
'Not even death,' she repeats andshe is gone.
The girl's look unnerves you.
Youqxldenly feel that you would prefer just your ownampany for the rest Of the everång and youyour room.
Turn 1025B.
189The Arch-lycanthrope hollers in betial delight as the•nonlight continues to work its magic on him.
Add 4Pin ts to the Werewolf's STAMINA score and cmtinuepur battle With the moon-changed monster.
If younnage to defeat Count Varcolac, turn 300.


with thoughts of how IMmgyou havethe next full moon, you barely realiw that thehas set and that the last splashes of colourclouds is fad:ng to dusky amethyst.
moon is rising and.
with no shelter in sight.
itbks like you are going to have to camp in openthese dark moors.
Just then you come in sight of aeching inn.
A light flickers in a window, like abxkoning you m.
Eagerly you quicken yourdeterrnined not to be caught out on thsem@rS after what you have heard aboutthat stalk the laid Lupravia*Wly, over the un*ttling keening Of the WiM.
youaware o' the jangle of harness behind you-*acing Byunding the rnd ycm tuniis following you.
but there is no them; noridec noeling_ But you can still hear the*umming beat of tlE hmvw punding mad.
Youper through back way you haveAnd then you do some-dung.
Materialisingof the glt»rn.
in a haze of grenpyellow lumm-«ence twen$' paæ from you is eve figure of a phan-rider on A ape streams out behindrider and you see he is wuring finely worked,black leather boo& He the reins ofhorse as it tears almg the road towards you,at tre mouth, its eys burning witch-ligh&.
As if that were not horrifying enough, rider has noand yet from somewhere you can hear the ay'Yaah! Yaah! Ch.
On tili morning!'
Ihe phantom rider and amfast.
Will you turn ard run, t$ng to reaåsafety of the before r•id« catches you (tumwill you stud lee (turn to 462)?Huow yourælf way as dte wolfhuN2•.
i on woemoma•rt yw SHII byret of he pc.
k You abNpUy find youælf face-toeface two paråcu_larly manor-knk.
n&that try.
ö rd.
e you with cl.
while twwl fightwavs •eFirst766ym have two Auck Rmvdswolve he —waning iB fellow' — barde.
BLACX WOLFsxn.
L8You now find you.
rælf fishing all wolve attime.
two Art*ck Rounds, Or if yrediKe ti•E BIXk STAMENA to 7 wev« Wrn at «xe to 271.
with inhume fury.
ete vampüic L.
dyMaun flies at you.
dod spreading out behLndlike hideous, oversized bat wings.

10 STAMTNA 13V&varess two eorsecuüve hits againstham to 1_fym.
1sore 4 to 245.
win my give.
wiWat 01 I trinkyou bettereve.
' You now how incmsideate andFxve but it is too Late for Thank•of his lörary.
youand tip pc»rfy trainained returning topaå qan ever Wet Tum 45.
•zte &tritt.
g.
You in whatLiNe than • rut-u.
ral Hut h8inb anis lit by a dullcome patche of mms covering theBy this bili0LB grem glow you that theis flcx*ed sludgy water He-armsyou a ten•ule ripple at the ofYou cannot imagtre Out here anythingcould want or reed down y«Jrturrv to finding a way Twolead of die chamber, orw diredy ar•æadyou (rum to 227) and anott*r to your left (tum*2).
But if you want e•ore this ave further211.

Wasdng no äme, you strap yo't sword-beltheave your pack mto your back, both of wh.
ldbem lying beside the bed.
Lighäng your lantern,step out of hut and back into the chill night,61.
10ws you, putting on a thick wol"kin cloakcarrying only his axe for protecdon.
Soon youswallowed up betwen the black Yes moreby a 01 lantern-lightrmr he tre elusiveIf ym.
J axe Lucky, u.
Uham 233.
Amnpn•d Katya,huzundoors towtuh•« makirg drulful yowheard.
fiJthy.
Ymrr &avelling turnsdon't tike of th_b puce,'It is too wild bewhere humarv stouJd cau home.
i'of the it.
' i' thg i'place where you will fird hud of tiebloodline you have hunting, you know it!S&aWkrebeut was trying to escape to here,' K• ty•aeontinue, 'and I could well beueve that p"holds a veritable werewolf's lair.
We have much wto do hem.
But where to start? •
can answer her that.
•nt.
e you gy.
' A lordwould Set Ns dernesne becorne a place fit only formys and wild an!mals must at least have an inklingwhat Is h•ppening here.
' Katya and so theof you 'teer your weary mounts towards the*iddlng ed i fice Of Castle Wulfen.
You neglect to reil&-.
at your heightened animal can smell heOf the emanating from the dir«tion the—ering It is as if something calling toin you.
Cdl.
mg itgate of the are and thewou in you.
And your lupiw Me greuning•warrung.
You draw your waæ wtut like•voltman leaF at you from out oi ofaway initialLtya warning and pulkdby It isattacked you at again thal takeIts nb«na.
s utdinta•nal Follow "it*are urttoly creatu_rs, undead werewolvß,upped a &aying sartAupi1* form andan inN.
ne hunger living flßh.
OlgaF inwith one of as Katya strugle to&iend her*l f against tfæ other.
WEREWARGSKILL 7 STAMINA 8wounds rnom than tvhce, addb your CHANGE *ore.
If you kin the undead horror,to 387.

own howl of rage andproføwr out ofa plungedeath m •t he of wü&tå.
lL Ywill have make your own h*ty exit if youb the bt.
n•rüng buildir* andHowever.
as you lc»k for a wout, you Spy a shelf.
u yet untouched bywhich stand what look like various bottled poeoIf you want to take a elæer look at these bottles bettum to otterwi.
k, turn to 291,Off in a dvellmg like ExhafanYou tie full furystorm overhead.
tunder landrnB•, laid enough, itto shaHR sky.
mth expksive force.
a bolt Ofsearing lighmlng down from the sundeheavens and strikes tie top of derelict wundmThem is a secondary flash from inside buildand Ln the silence that follows the thundereap.
yfancy you hear an cry, 'It's alivel' Bwhateve guy going irwide theyou 'uve own to &ut.
Lighstrike wmdmdl again *Ring ete saucture•nd sparking down togrcu•d.
Two of hit gourd rear-byrather eun earå thanælve harmlsly in the
take the fizzling form Of two tiny.
and vaguelyhumanoid Creatures.
fizzing and sparking.
theLightning Sprites — true children of the storm — leapprkily towards you.
attracted by the metal objects youhave in your p—sion.
Fight tiw ekmentals both atømeRrst I.
]GKINING spR.
rnSecond SPRrrE76STAMINA44u you choose to fight Ehe sprites with a sword orevery time you make a Successful.
ainst one of thmn you mceive a sharp elecüicretum.
causing you 2 STAMINA poinb.
if you fight beinepu will danuge.
Will"ve to reduce ymu• by point forof e.
tde.
If you toand caprxwlb aeaturø.
you retthe night how wind' bybrrenbal raur 91ben moming dr-• evmtuallygo on your way, and Wet" (turn to 500).
Your cut* into die Hound Muter" leg and hein pain.
At ome h18 loyal muHH i.
on you.
inking its tæth your yma canit away from you.
1 snupint and 1 point m•süfquaking cw as cub throughof rul.
J.
B•uer.
•ealing it*lf, Turn
WLth a sorrowful heart you gaze down at the dyingUlrich, who has regained his human form _ 'Dc notblame yourself, my friend,' he manages.
'We all haveour secrets.
should thank you for releasing me frommy own dreaded curse.
' Then he is gone.
After everything that the kind-hearted woodsman did for you'in the short time that you knew him, at Ehe end allyou could offer in return was death by cold steel.
Butthere is still one more thing you can do for him now.
No longer troubled by wolves, you spend the rest cflEhe night digging Ulrich's grave.
As the sun finallyrises over the forests, drawing a ground mist fromthe hollows of the trees, you lay the woodsman totest, placing his axe On the earthen mound thathis final testing-place, You leave the spot witha heavy heart and not only because you have had to'bury a good man, whatever dark secrets might havetroubled his soul.
Despite having slain the werewolfthat infected you, it is clear the affliction still has ahold ofyöu.
Exhausted, you lie down to sleep as a watery Sundrags itself into the sky behind a veil of grey cloud.
Ithas been a harrowing night, and in spite of all theworries running through yout mind, you still sleep,although your dreams are beset by visions oi Ulrichchanging into a savage bear, roaring in bone—w renching agony.
When you wake, stiff and sore from sleeping on theroot-knotted forest floor, the sun is again sinking in
sky.
Your search for head of the werewolfbloodline cannot wait any longer.
•Ete next full mooncan or•dy be a matter of days avzay.
%mething in yourblood tells you that the resolution to your liesq»mewhere within the land of Lupravia.
Walking east you descend out Of the chill forest andonerge on the westemmost boundary of the princi-pality.
There is a noticeable absence of birdsong,which unnerves you.
Crossing gorse-coveredland, in the far distance you can the hazy purpleFeaks of the mountain wall that holds ancientprincipality of Lupravia within its rocky embrace.
Ahead Of you lies a land Of menacing forests, boggymoorland and a byssal river gorge.
Nestled at the base Of the narrow valley you aredescending is a village of grey, steeply pitch-roofedbuildings, clustered together as if for mutual pro-*ticn from the bleak wilderness all around them.
Slony, cropless fields surround the settleroent making
the whole place appear truly uninviüg.
As you getneaær still, a weathered road sign informs you hatyou are approaching Ehe village of Saigoiva, Beyondthe huddle of houses, you make out a road that leadsaway from Stngoiva before forking in three direc honsIf you want to enter eme village, turn to 116- Alter-nabvely, if you would prefer topress on and avoid anencounter wi&i the native populace of Lupravia, youmay skirt around Strigoiva and talc the road headingnorth (turn to 160), the one heading east (turn to 478)or one Iss well-travelled that leads north-east intothe forest, boundarie Of which lie a mileor so from the village (tum to 8).
Coming within eanhotof the Burgomaster, you listenintently to what he has to say.
Filling in the gaps foryourself it gocn becomes apparent that the landssurrounding Ehe town are being terronsed by a mon-Ster that folk have narned the Beast Vargenhof.
Thiscreature is supposedly responsible for the slaughter
of various sheep and cattle and also for the disappear-ance of a shepherdess, an aging woodsman, and evala child.
•the Beast IS sæd to be twuæ a big as a man,and walks on its hind legs, but hasmore befitting a bear or wolf.
Perhaps the ofVargenhof is the Arch-Lycan±cope you areng for.
Burgomaster Straub has dedared that whoever cap-tures or kills the Beast will beprßented v•hth a rewardfrom the town's coffers.
Talk Of a bounty has drawnaL manner of hunters and trappers from the surround-hg hills and forests and it is among thse hard-bittenmen tha you find yourself now.
I>gpite their o utwardbravado, the hunters are organising themselves intoa band, thereby to run the Beast to ground — theydr.
riously believe there is safety in numbers.
If youwant to pin Beast Hunt you may either do soalone (turn to 456) or as part Of the larger party (turnb 259).
Alrema hvely you may, if you wish to and youalready done explore market square(turn to 82) or, if you are done here, leave the town(turn to 507).

202—205Beyond the limits of Strigoiva once mom, will youfollow the mad as it splits to the north (turn to 160),to the east (tum to 478), or will you take the lesswell-used track.
into the forest, to the north-east (turn203Reaching up, you lift one of the shields down from itsplace on the wall, Nothing untoward happens either,which is a relief.
There are several different designsbul all of the shields carry lhe same For aslong as you are carrying the shield in battle you mayreduce an enemy's Attack Strength by point.
Recordthe shield on your Adventurr Sheet.
Will you now takeone of the maces down from the wall (turn to 278) orleave this floor and look el*where (turn to 7) ?Ducking into the deeper shadows Of a sunken door•way, feeling your heart pounding in your chest, youtry to calm your accelerated breathing.
You pray thatwhatever it is that is approaching passby, withouteven knowing you are there.
Roll two dice.
If theis less than or equal to your score, tum to 172:if it is greater, turn to205Mcg shrieks as you burst into the stable and jumps toher But what will you do now? Will you:
Attack the witch ?"ipe out the markings on he floor?Grab tie skull?Turn to 274Turn to 241Turn to 295Releasing the reins you arm yourself.
Tne creature's?nwers of transformation have rBEared its strengththat is as deadly a foe as the first time you foughithe Beast of Vargenhof.
WEREBEASTSKILL 8If you do not have the Qtcickening special ability, youmust reduce your Attack Strength by 1 point for theduration of your battle with the Werebeast atop theVlting stagecoach.
If the Beast wounds you, roll oredice and if you roll a 6, turn to If you survive sixAttack Rounds or reduce the Werebeast's STAMINA to4 points or less.
turn to atonce.
You reach another junction in ute never-ending tun-Will you follow:A passageway with puddles of wa tercollected on the floor?Turn to 368A passageway with rough, broken stonescovering its rocky floor?A sandy-floored passageway?Turn to 97Turn to

Once you are past the axe—blade, you hear a grind-ng of gears and the pendulum stops swinging.
Opening the door at the end Of the corridor you entera circular turret room chamber has no windowsbut is lit by hundreds of candles, some fixed towcmlght-iron candelabra.
many stuck on top of themelted remains Of others.
The guttering candlellghtLs also reflected from a circular black mirror on theopposite side of room.
However, as socm as youalter the room, something takes a step forwards diatstops you in your tracbs.
A grea t Inaas of wax, roughlyhurnanoid in shape, heaves itself towards you, wicksStill burning over i t, liquid tallow fat running fromas inconstant surface.
If you are quick, you will beable to escape the room and iEs guardian, Slammingthe door behind you and returning to the Map Roomwithout having to fight (turn to 321).
If you want toseay, however, you are going to have to fight as Ehemagically animated creature reaches for you withburning.
WAX GOLEMsx:n.
L 8 STAMINAIi you win an Attack Round against the Golem andyou are fighting it using a bladed weapon, such as aNord or a dagger, roll one dice.
On a roll of 6 yourblade sticks in he waxy body of the creature and youmust fight the next round of combat wi Lh your Attack*rength reduced by 2 points as you try to free yourHade.
If you defeat the room's curious guardian, turn
There is something strange going on withLn theCarnivale, of that you are sure, but wha t exactly? Youfeel that the only way you are going to be able to findout mom is if you sneak back this evening under thecover of darkness to inves rig-ate further.
If you want todo this, 138_ If not, turn to 90.
210•The Cadre Infernal? Why yes, I can tell you somethingOf the cult's resurgence.
investigated then-L when Iwas a member Of another secret society, that wentunder the name of the Order of the Black Rose.
'Vereticus' tone is both conspiratorial and excited athaving someone with whom to share his carefullygleaned knowledge.
'IWenty years ago, the membersof the newly reformed Cadre sought to increase theirtemporal power in this world through magical means.
I have learned that '-here were five of Lhem aftogether,but I have not yet been able to discover the identitiBOf them all.
r do know that one of them was the [AdyAranaea, who had been married and widowed fivetimes by the time she joined the group.
All of herhusbands has died under mystenous circumstances,earning her the nickname 'Black Widow'.
But Idigress.
The group somehow managed to carry out aSummoning Ceremony, calling up a fell demon frornthe Infernal Pit to grant thern all their selfish wishes- Ihave also found out that the ritual involved the use Offive specially consecrated silver daggers.
At first allthe Cadre's members became more powerful bu t theysteadily began to clunge, corrupted by the evil power
drey had unleashed.
until at least two Of them had kotmore than they had ever gained hy taking part theKyremony.
More than that I do not know.
' If you haveSilver Dagger, turn fo 165.
If not, you should nowturn back to 260 and contnue reading the paragraph.
Your initial a%umption was correct; there is nothingvalue at all in this effluent sump.
But all the whieyou have bæn wading arm.
md i.
n foul pool theOf your body has lured something ever cloær.
Asyou are considering how to leave the chamber, thesludge erupts in front of you and a snakangwhite form nses from the pool.
An eyeless.
Worm-like head sways from side to side in Ofyou, its leech-Lake mouth Opening and closing mena-tingly.
Sudden as a striking the overgrownattacks.
GIANT TAPEWORMSKILL 7 STAMINA 6u you slay the vile tapeworm, you are free to leave thedetritus chamber.
you take the tunnel dinn•tlyüead of you (turn to 227) ot the one to your left (turn242)?The intense heat of roaring flames already scorch-your eyebrows, you pick Oui three potions thatWticularly capture your interest.
Wil} you drink aption that is a deep red in colour and srnoking (turn0231), one that is a lurid green, "upy liquid (turn toor down the bubbling contents of a bottle tha:
contin ua_Æly changes its hue (turn t0277)? Aiternabvely.
you could leave all of them and Flee the burningbuilding (turn to 291).
213U nable to resist the call of the Daughters you join thewretched maidens in their spiralling dance.
theirenchantment tightening about you until forgReven the need to breathe.
And so it is that you areved from the curse of lycanthropy you are luredto a watery grave.
You: bones will be picked clean bythe cnature that calk the dep 01 the Drowning podits domain.
Your adventum is over.
silence Of he va ult ig swept away by a susurratingwind, which brings with it a disquieting feeling ofimpending doom.
At the edge of hearing you canalmost believe &lat the wind is wh*'ering to you.
In fact, the half-heard murmur seems 10 come frominside the pit.
You edge closer and peer into thedepthless dark.
With a lull in the wind you hear thedis:ant splash and slurp of something moving withinwatery depths.
Do you want to dimb down into thepit to find out what is lurking at the bottom (turn to24) or would you rather leave these malign ruins (tumto 83)?Heaving unbarred barn door you areimmediately assailed by the musty smell of animaLsand damp straw.
is dark inside the barn and, as your
eyes adjust to the gltx'tn, something large canters outof the shadows beneath the hayloft, ready to trampleyou into the ground_ You get die impression of bonyand a whipping.
raly tail.
With an evilLing whinny, the madæyed horse—mutant attacks.
HAVOC HORSESKILL 9 STAMINA 9you manage to kill crazed stalLicn.
you stumbleout of the bam and either into the farmhouse (turn to324) or away from this freakish farrn (tum to 244).
&fore the demon the Count can msurrecrhis werewolf body you take out the fiveSilver Daggers,dut belonged to the five members of the damnedCadre Infernal.
You plunge them into Varcolac's body,marking out the five points a pentacle.
One final,unearthly howl breaks from the Arch-Lycanthmpe'stu•oat as somedüng like black smoke pours from itsmouth, only to dissipate into the chill aar of thechamber.
If you have the codeword Detiugeb recordedyour Sheet, tum to 21.
If not, turn 515.

217—218217On the second floor yo u come 10 an ornately decoratedchamber that is filled with all ma_nner of stone statuesThey range from sculptures of knights in armour andweeping angels to funereal effigies and the busts ofnotable individuals from Lupravia's past.
One of thefinest examples Of the stone-carver's art is the statueOf a griffin standing next to a wall-length mirror hungOn the far side of the room.
Liöht from a flickeringcrystal chandelier casts disconcerting shadowsaround the chamber so that you could almost beåievethe statues are moving.
You cannot help thinkingthat this is a strange place to have a mirror.
Do youwant to examine the mirror more closely (turn to 232)or will you leave the room and the second flooraltogether (tum to 7)?216You have barely unsheathed your weapon when theelemental creature screeches like a wildcat and leapsat you, teeth and claws bared.
You have forced thesituation EO this point and now you have no choice butto defend yourself against your capricious opponent.
ICE SPRATSKILL 1 '1 STAMINA 6lfOld Man Winter minion wounds you roll one dice;on a roll of 5 or 6 theelemenlal 's freezing touch numbsyou to the bone, dulling your senses (reduce yourAttack Strength by point).
If you are able to reducethe sprite's STAMINA to 2 points or less, turn at onceto 237.

•:öu have no idea what the crazed spider-woman is•alking about.
'No? Then why you hem? Have youto steal my pretties.
is that it? You would takeay treasures from me? How dare you?' screams.
a spæd and agility you wou ld not have expecteda monster as large and bloated as she, the Spider-Queen leaps from her web, ready to punish you formtering her lair.
But how are you going to fight back?Y you want to defend yourself using your sword, turn252.
If you want try using vour lantern 10 set fireher webs (if have a lantern and can put it to-ase here), turn to 304.
If you would rattwr run for it,turn to 498.
As you sit down opposite the wrious young man he*hakes himself from his reverie and appears to lighten.
He ioo, it would seem, is glad of the company in thisstrange staging POSE.
II tums out he is not a native of
theæ lands but comes far offSeartOn in Analand.
His name isHans and, hdth a mutual bond discoveredthe two Of you make idle Conversation.
While youSteer clear Of revealing the true reason for coming toLupravia, he develops the urgent need to open his'It's my sister,' he Says, worry ringing his eyes,•my little Leisel- She had had enough of life in *arton.
especially as my parents tried to force her to marry theson of the local burgomaster.
When the CarnivaleCame to town she saw a chance to escape her fate.
Aweird, grotesque and macabre travelling circus it was,but the morning after the Carnivale had packed upand moved on, Leisel was gone.
I followed on foot,but the Carnivale — travelling as a caravan Of wagons— always remained a day or so ahead of me.
I hope tocatch up with it soon, find my sister, and persuade herto come home.
' His story finished.
a great wearinesover Hans.
He apoloøsß for his rudenes butsays that he must retire and get Mime skep, you bidhim good right, wishing him well with his search.
(Add the codeword Rtesis to your Adoenture Sheet.
)Will you follow Hans' lead and make for your Ownbed (turn to 258), or would you rather engage thelandlord in conversation, if you haven't done soalready (turn to 155), or the barmaid (turn to 188)?Holding ymar aloft, you take in sub-ctn_rnber in Which you are standing.
Itopey up away from you like a cave, all murky gloomand a regular echoing drip.
•me only other sound isthe splash ripple os you move through a foot of
bui-srnelling water.
And then you it: the glitter Ofwmething silvery beneatt he surface of the water,aught in the light of your lantern.
Jt is aord that shines With a silvery gleam, even throughup filth.
As you reach Out a hand towardssubmerg«i blade.
something reaches for you.
Aåick.
rubbery tentacle bursts from water, causingyou to jump bad as something pale-flehed andmonstrous heaves its maßive bulk towards you fromof its shadowy lair, You get the impression ofgabbing tentacles and pseudopods.
huge waterya cavernous mouth packed with teeth, a mucus-«vzing blowhole, and white albino-Ilesk„ This lurkinginrror has been lying in wait for its usual prey — rats,mall crustaceans and the like — but the hotblood pumping in your veins has unholyappetite.
You cannot iO without a fight.
fight must.
LURKJNG HORRORSTAMINA toyou manage to slay this foul fiend, turn to 174.

222—224And then the devils are gone again.
their bodiesdissolving back into the mist.
You breathe a sigh oirelief at having overcome your grotesque assailants.
any sense of a reprieve from the horrors ofFenmocr are short lived as yet another horrible howlresonates through the cloying mists.
This is no wolfbut something else, yet unmistakeably canine —something demonic.
Roll two dice.
II the total rolled isless than or equal to your CHANCE score, turn to 251.
Ifit is greater, turn to 342.
223And then one Of the wolves does indeed find thebrazen bravado it needs to assault the stagecoach.
Thelithe, grey-pelted creature manages a gravity-defyingleap onto the roof of the coach and, having foundpurchase with its unsheathed claws, goes for you.
GREY WOLF7 STAMINA 6Unless you have the Quickening special ability, duc toyour precarious position on the roof of the carriage,you must conduct combat with the wolf with yourAttack Strength reduced by 1 point.
Ii you triumph inthis battle, turn to 239,224You place the Gold Piece in Madame Zelda's out-stretched hand and she makes it vanish with a sleightof hand flourish.
She begins mak(ng exaggeratedhand movements over the crystal ball and you fancyyou can scc swirling clouds form ing within i ts depths.

• Ah yes,' the fortune-teller begins theatrically, •lmany perils ahead, but also great courage and a goalachieved,' This sounds likc the sort of rubbish sheprobably tells all her punters.
But suddenly MadameZelda's voice changes dramatically, dropping byseveral octaves, and her eyes roil up into her head,revealing the whites.
the storm-made monster and shun theeastern hills.
Nothing death awaits you there,' shemoans.
'Heed the words 01 a mourning father andseek out lhe rock Of wolves.
And once you are withinthe belly Of the beast.
wake not the man Of brass butseek out the iniemal cadre.
'Madame Zelda shakes her head as Lf stirring from awaking dream.
'Er, yes, the, um, stars have spoken,'she says, sounding as if she can't quite cememberhas just happened.
•yes, the future is antu•udiscovered country, urn, but your path is clear.
GOnow, be on your way!' The fortun&telier is clearlydistressed and, feeling a little shaken yourself, youdecide not to hang around any longer.
Add theeodeword DloterOf to your Adventure Sheet and turnto 167.
225The unnatural cacophmy continues, setting yourteeth on edge and working in an even more sinisterway upon your lycanthropyriddled body.
The wolfwithin howls in discomfort and struggles to be free ofthe tormenting music.
You fight to keep Ehe beast

mntained but that the animal irside is steadilyOking control, (Add 1 to your CHANGE score and loseLUCK point.
) Howlmg in anger, fear and frustration,_wu flee the curEd Music Room.
Turn 321You make your way along the passageway, down theinto the empty, darken«l bar room.
A half-door leads you oublde Into the coaching inn'Syard.
The moon hangs over the bleak moors,asting everything in its cold, monochrome light.
Your gaze is d,xawn to the silvery disc and sornethingdeep inside you howls in joy at the touch of theacros the yard another light beckons, spillingfrom the crack between the stable doors.
Stealthilyyou sneak Over to the stable and put an eye to the gap.
tnside, the straw has been clean•d from the middle offloor and a curious, and disturbing, symbol hasdrawn on the floor, surrounded by esoteric ninesand zodiac symbols.
The space is lit by candies stuckbarrels and crates pobitioned around the esotericarde- At the centre, Meg, the landlord's daughter, isconducting some kind Of ritual.
In front Of her, on thestone floor Of the stable, is a humm Skull.
Youwatch transfixed as the witch chants under her brea th,some unintelligible language.
making mysticalgstures with her handsAs you watch her conducting her unholy rite, you feeltre wind at your back and your hackles rise.
Darkpwers are being drawn to this place and who knows
227—228what might happen if Meg is allowed EO finish herspell.
Will you wait for her to complete the ritual (turnto 308), or burst into the stable without further hesi-ration (turn to 205)?227Crouching low in the waterlogged tunnel you wendyour way towards a barred circle Oi light in thedistance — it must be a way out! The tunnel widensand you see that it ends at a circular grille•_ beyondthat lies a torch-lit stone-walled corridor.
You areaware Of a sinister scuttling sound and look up at thecurve of the tunnel roof above you.
Antennae ripplingrepurgnantly, the huge centipede moves towards youon its myriad, jointed legs.
As you prepare to defendyourself, a second overgrown centipede raises itshead from the channel ahead of you and writhestowards you, its body covered in tough.
chitinousarmour.
In the confines of the tunnel-pipe, fight thecentipedes one at a tune.
FirstGlANTCENTIPEDESecond GIANT CENTIPEDESKILL STAMINA897liyou manage to defeatboth the carnivorous creaturesyou make it to the grille without meeting furtherresistance.
Turn to 341.
228The Countess batters through your defence with herbare hands iu'id pounces on you, sinking hec longfangs into your throat.
Penetrating your jugular, she
229—230sucks noisily at the hot from the wound.
Lose STAMINA points.
Suddenly the VampiressQ•zoils from you, gagging horribly and retching blood.
•Your blood is tainted!' she gasps.
•Another alreadya claim on your cursed soul!' Hearing this you feelhat you must be Iruly damned if even one of theOf the night will not feed On your life-force.
Add to you: CHANGE *ore.
However, if you haveC affliction, you may also subtract 3points from the Vampires' STAMINA.
Finish your fightwith the Lady of Ma an and if you reduce herSore to 4 points Or less, unmediately to 245.
-Nith a final thrust, your sword enters the BVrew0Lf's•:hest, sinks up to the hilt, piercing the creature's heart,until the tip emerges from its back.
The beastsuing one last howl as its limp body slides Offyour blade.
Your attention immediately turns to thewretched woodsmar„ who lies Some feet from you,-shere he was felled.
You are about to rush to yourfiend's aid when you suddenly stop Youhave faced the beast lying at your feet more than oncethis night; can you be certain üut the fiend is reallyi ead at last? Will you make a closer inspection of thewerewolf's corpse (turn to 35) or go straight to Ulrich's2id (turn to 107)?230you arc fighting with a sword which has beenengraved with a particular name, turn that name intonumber, using the code A—I, C=3.
Z=z6, and
231—232then tum to the paragraph with the same number.
you do not have such a weapon, barn to 150.
231As luck would have it you have consumed a potionthat, among its other healing properties, is intendedto reverse the effects Of lycanthropy.
Restore up to 6STAMINA regain 1 LUCK point and reduce yourCHANCE score by 4 (although it cannot drop belowWill you now try one of the other potions (turn toor no longer and the blazing structure(turn to 291)?Crouching in front of the mirror, you examine wherethe glass meets the frame.
Thesou_nd Of stone grindingon stone sends a shiver down your spine.
Youinstantly, jumping back from the mirror as the stonegriffin comes 10 life and Steps down from its plinth.
With a granite growl, the statue swipes at you with ama rble paw.
Once again you are fighting for your life.
STONE GRIFFINSKILL 8 STAMINA 9If you are using a bladed such as a swordor a dagger, a Successful Strike against the animatedstatue will only cause STAMINA point of damage.
Jfyou are using a mace, a hit will cause 2STAMTNA pointsdamage.
If you manage to destroy the statue, add 1 toyour ALARM score.
With the stone guardian defeated.
you resume you:inspection the mirror.
Tesl your Skill If you are
233—234successful, turn to 269.
If you fail you arc unable tofind anything unusual and so have to leave his floor(tura to 7)-233After an hour of searching you still have not foundthe benadcnna plant you so desperately need.
EvenWilh Ulrich's woodsman's skills, hampered by thesmothering darkness he finds nothing.
You axe feelingworse than ever.
fever is eahng you up andyou feel nauseous to the pit Of your stomach.
(Add 1more CHANCE point your total.
) Ulrich suggeststhat it would be foolish to waste anymore rime look-ing for the herb, considering your worsening con-dition,so will you now set Off after the wolf pack (turnto 473) or go in search Of Grandmother Zekova (tumto 'oz)?234In time the pain passes again and you eon dnue yourjourney, determined to press on furthcr before findingsomewhere tc pass the night.
It is then that the soundof mtsic drifts to you through u'je forest voicesraised in Song accompanied by a lilting accordionaccompaniment.
A little further along the path youcatch glimpses of firelight flickering behind thesilhouettes of midnight black trees.
Do you want toleave the road and travel towards the music and thethe campfire (turn 20 288), or would you ra therkeep on along your current path and look for a placeto stop well away from any other encampments (turnto 275)?
235—236235Despite beilg an obvious state of neglect, with thedoor in the base of the tower shut behind you, thestone building proves to be wea€her—tighl, shelteringyou from the worst of the storm raging outside, thewind soughing through the shredded sails of thewindmill.
Free of the lorrnent of the tempest you takea mocc measured look around you.
base of thetower is cluttered with boxes, Crates, barrels and,curiously, pieces of melal machinery.
In fact there isnothing here to suggest the true purpose Of a workingmill.
certainly no bags 01 flour or grindstones.
Arickety wooden staircase leads up to the floor aboveand, gazing up into the gloom, you can see anotherlevel beyond that.
As you gaze upwards you fancyyou sce the shadowy suggestion Of movement in adickering flash of lighining.
Was there really some-thing moving up there, Or was it simply your over-wrought imagination playing tricks on you? Will you:Investigate this level of the windmill-towermore carefully before settling down 10sleep?Tum toClimb the unsteady staircase to the nextfloor?Turn to 163Settle down to sleep straightaway, ignoringwhat you think you might have seen? Turn to 279236Three alternative exits present themselves but whichway will you clwose?The triangular tunnel?Turn to 31
tunnel with walls covered withgreen algae?passage strewn wi th pebbl es?237237Turn to +05Turn to 159The creature suddenly dances away from you in aflurry oi snowflakes.
'Winter's pall first snowfall,warm hearts grow a.
)ld, we claim them all,' it sings inits squeaky voice.
You suddenly find yourself at thecentre of a freezing whirlwind.
You Can feel ice crack-ling across your skin but can do nothing to Stop itsfreezing effects.
You find yourself paralysed by cold,your body as immovable as a block of ice.
By thetime morning comes, you have thawed out and areable to move again r but the winter sprite's chillingenchantment has had a detrimental effect upon yourbody.
(Lose an additional 3 STAMINA points andSKILL point.
) If you are still alive after this ordeal, turnto 314.

You while away the rest of the day in the village ofBalci itself.
There is nothing particularly special aboutthe place: it has a mill, Cavem and forge, and its peqlespend their days tending the land Of labouring in theforest to the south-east A basic meal of meat andpotatoes, along with a flagon of ale at the Liliagetavern, will cost you 2 Gold Pieces and restore up toSTAMINA points.
As dusk falls you make your wayhack to the area of the Camivale.
The cirrus nowdosed to the public for another day and rncst of theplace is darkness.
.
You skirt the perimeter awningthe circus people have set up until you arp in a posi donwhere you ate s Lire no one can what you are doing.
Loosening a sheeted panel you slip tnside and makeyour way stealthily between the tents, stalls andstanding wagons.
You are just trying to decide where
to explore first when you hear a noise.
It is the soundof urgent voices.
'I tell you, someone's broken in.
' onesays.
They won't get far,' another.
voices areget'ång you are going to come face-to-face w ithuteir owners any moment.
if you you willdefinitely be spotted.
but there might be anofher wayout of this.
you want to stand your yound and facewhoever is approaching.
tum to 257.
Alternadvelyyou try to Jude.
If so, will youhide in üte large tentto your left (turn to 370) or the painted caravan to yourri#1t (tum to 316)?The coach sweeps around a in the road and it isthen that you chasm before you.
Katya urgesthe horsB towards the lamp-lit bridge, whichspans the gaping gorge.
With the stagecoach pickingup speed.
it is only when you are too cloæ to evenattempe to stop the horses that you reabse someoneor something — has tampered with the bridge.
'Iliemiddle span is missing entirely, broken sparsstretching Out into the precipitous void that yaw-rsit.
Tryü•tg to mntain her rising ærse of panic,Katya whips horses into a frenzy, urging them atthe last possible moment to jump.
If you did not takean earlier diversion through forest.
turn to 502.
Ifyou did take diversion roll one dice and addtwelve, giving you a total of between 13 and 18: this istie horses' combined STAMINA score.
Then roll fourdice.
If Ehe total Of these four dice is less than Of equalto the horses' STAMINA score, tum to 502.
Lf it greater,turn to 380.

Without looking back you flee the Tower, nothingstanding trtween you and freedom.
You are back mthe blasted exarpment, thinking you have made itaway safely, when a terrible screeching cryhilltop.
Sweepmg down out of the nightsky is a foul.
winged creature, roughly humanoidin with an ugly, oversized head and a thir„stunted Stretched its arms and legs avast leathery wings and it reaches for you with bird-like claws.
You have no choice but to fight the Harpy.
7 STAMINA 6If you survive the encounter, you Knally take shelterfor njght in the lea 01 a huge, mossy boulder.
Thenext day you set Off again, circumnavigating thevillage of Maun this time and joining the road thatleads north.
Tum EO 350.
You scuff away part of the chalk-drawn sigil with theheel Of your boot, drawing your sword ready todefend yourself at the same time.
A sudden gust ofwind whirls around the stable, like a trapped tornado,and the candles arv snuffed Out.
At the same momentttw landlord's daughter lets out a terribleanguish.
Suddenly the Headless Hi ghwayman is thereagain, the back of his phantom 'And now.
my Jove, we shall be together forever!' he declaresover ete howling, galcqorce With diat hegathers the young witch in his arrns and swings heronto the saddle in front of him.
The symbol was a
242—243Summoning Sigil, a witch-mark of ill-omen, used todraw restless spirits 10 a place, Having destroyed it,you hav e broken the girl'S power over the ghost of theHeadless Highwayman.
Tum t 076.
You along the tunnel in a half-crouch, unbl itmote Like a proper pasægeway and you canstand upright again.
The luminescent moss does notlet your eyesight penetrate very far through thegloom; your ears pick up the approaching drone longbefore you see the two huge flies.
They are grotesquelyovergrown insects, their bloated bodies black withstiff hairs.
The buzzing of Lhe Giant Flies intensifiesthey home in on you, darting forwards as they try topuncture your with their long, needle—sharp,proboscises.
First GIANT FLYSecond GIANT FLYSKI-LL STAMINA656If you kill both of the insects, tum to 261.
24 3Lying in a hollow between patchy gorse bushes is thebody Of an adventurer, much like yourself.
Only thispoor wretch is obviously dead.
his body lacerated byterrible claw marks His backpack lies at his side and,as he has no for it now.
you nammagethrough it.
You find a total of 8 Gold Piece andenough food for 2 Meals.
But while you have beeninvestigating this scene, the crows have been circling

closer and Squawking loudly, the birds sud•denly drop out of the sky, beaks snapping and talonsclawing.
MURDER OF CROWSSKILL 6 STAMINAII you defeat the crows, thereby driving the nockaway, you set off east again, before birds becomeemboldened and return.
rurn toYour *ard' for the Beast has been frustratingly futileand has bro•t own dangers.
In the end you havecrwice but to return to the relative eaJety Of ihetown the moon Tie sun has wallsOf a block against the purp-ling skyline.
still way off, as you make your wayback through t.
r• ioresEi bordering the town.
Sud-den 'y, a age and yet mournful cry through thenight-.
it came fmm somewhere nearby.
Running hell•for-leather.
you burst into a clearing berwæn d arkand a monstrou.
w sight greee you.
Lymg on theOf clearing is a young wearing ahooded cloak, and trws, hercrossbow fallen at Ipr side.
IANnning overher is a monstrous creature, seemingly part wolf.
partbear.
and yet with some semblance of a human.
Lupine senses flaring, there is no doubt in your mindIhat this is the Werebeast of Vargenhofl Sensing yourpresence, the creature gives voiæ to a bellowingroar and turns from the defenceless woman to faceyou.
It is Lhen that you see the crossbow bolt pro-Iruding from the flesh of right arm.
You have little
245—246time to prepare yourself before the monster is uponyou.
SKILL 8If wounds you more than a d d toyour CHANGE «ore.
If you survive five rounds ofbattle against the monstrous creah' re, or you manageto reduce its STAMINA score to 5 points or less, turn atcruce to 3 y.
Countess shrieks and whirls away from you.
wrapping her cloak around her.
'You will never leavemy domain alive!' she wails and, with that, hercorporeal form dissolves into black mist.
Have youdestroyed two coffins while exploring the tower? Ifso.
turn to 263.
If you have only destroyed one,at all.
tum to 286.
246'begone, night creature!' the man starts yelling.
'Getaway from here and leave us in peace!' At this, theassembled villagers shuffle towards you too, wavingtheir pitchforks and billhooks in air.
These peoplehave obviously been unnerved by something and arepreparing to v'Mt their fears and frustra hons on you,Wth a sudden shout Of, the night creature!' fromtheir middle-aged leader, the angry mob rushes you.
If you are going to get Oul of Seigoiva alive you aregoing to have to fight your way Out.
ANGRY MOB
Fight Q•te agitated villagers as if they were oneopponent.
However this is not a conventional combat.
You are not trying injure these hapless peasant folk,although they are most definitely trying to kill you! Ifthe mob wins an Attack Round, deduct STAMINApoin ts from your total as normal.
If you win an AttackRound, however, you do not deduct STAMINA pointsas you would against a conventional enemy.
Instead,if you win two Attack Rounds in a row or, failing that,aftec six AEtack Rounds (if you are still alive), youmanage to break free Of the angry mob and escapefrom Strigoiva (tum to 202).
247You give voice to a terrible baying cry and watch asthe huge wolves quail and quake, whimpering atyouranimalistic howl, before finally turning tail andrunning fmm you.
T\lrn to 513.

24 yRed i" Tooth and Claw — As part of your slow but steadytransfo 1m a tion into a Werewolf, your fingernails havehardened into talons and your canine teeth havelengthened.
This means that you are row just aseffective and deadly in battle unarmed as you arearmed.
If you ever have to fight unarmed you mayignore the penalties placed upcn you- Record this newspecial ability on your Advenmre• Sheet and then turnto the paragraph with the same number as the oneyou were last instructed 10 write down.
Moving steadily towards the heart of the dusk-shrouded ruins, you find yourself at the top of a flightOf wom stone Steps leading down inro a dome—roofedwlderground chamber.
Drawn as you are towardsthis darker gloom, you need to able to lightyour lantern to progress further.
If you have aor, if not, the Night Creature speciat abiliw, tum toIf no', you will have to retrace your steps and leavethe ruins (turn to
250Before you even come in sight of Maun you see thetower that locunsover it.
looking like a black clutchingclaw against the biar.
k canvas of the sky- Keeping awary eye on the tower, and the tiny ragged shadowsHilting about its turrets, you follow the road downinto an enclosed valley, which holds the crumblingbuildings Of Maun.
pale—faced peasants you seestruggling to till the land appear possessed of amorbid lethargy- Their homes are in a state Ofdisrepair, the roofs saggy and withmoss.
The whole place to lie under a shadowypall.
even though dusk is still sorne hours away.
If youhave the codewordNdhcir recorded on your AdcettureSheet, tum 391.
If not, turn to 413.
251lmxplicably, you find youßelf drawn towards thedemonic howling.
Following the wailing lure, youstumble over swampy ground, unmindful of what ishappening underfoot.
You take another step andabruptly sink to your thigh in the peaty mud.
Momentum carnes you forward and soon you are upto your waist in a stinking bog.
As the reality of yourperilous situation hits home, the power the eeriehowling had over you is broken Ycu twist and turn,trying 10 get yourself out of the bog before you sinka-r.
y furlher.
You are already up to your chest whenyou spy a trailing root protruding from a mound.
onwhich a gnarled bush grows.
Trying 10 free yourselfthe clutches of the bog, you lean forwari,.
cai_ning every muscle as you try to reach the coot.

Roll three dice.
If is les than or equalto your STAMINA rum to 1.
18.
If the total isgreater, tum to Q.
252And then the monstrous spider-creature is on lopof you and you have no choice but to fight back.
•Trespasser!' she shrieks.
'Step into my parlour, wouldyou? Well now you never leave!' Arming yourself,you prepare to repel the Spider-Quen's assault.
ARANAEA THESPIDER-QUEEN10 STAMINASpider-aren has *Vera] ofattxk.
Each time Aranaea wins Attack Round, mll0M' dice and consult the below to ee whkhattxk and damage itRd,' Attack Damagetalons — 2 srAM_n« B'ints.
456Leaping attuk — you are 10 ground(khe 2 STAMINA points) and ST*'nd the nextAttack Round trapE:æd under the monster,fighting with your Attac_k Sy-ength reduced bypoint.
Web-spit - you suffer no wounds but cannotdefend yourself during the next Attack Roundas you struggle to free yourself from the stickysilken stands.
Venomous bite — 4 STAMINA poinsSpider-swarm — tiny, red-bMied spiders burslfrom blasters her abdomen.
Roll One dice and
253-254trut many STAMINA as the swarmingspiders sink &reir fanF into your flesh.
(How-ever, ak) Spider-Queenz STAMINA poinÄ) Lf you manage to slay theSpider-Queen, turn to 364.
253You gulp down the thick.
green liquid, which leaves abitter aftertaste in your mouth but there is worse tocome.
You can your body swelling and changing,as the flesh-warping effects of the lycanthropy areexacerbated.
(Add 2 poin& to your CHANCE *ore.
)Perhaps there is another potion on the shelf thatrever-* devastating effects.
00 you want to tryanother of Lhe pot-icy" (t•urn to 337) or will youchooæ not to put your faith in any mor 01 the madscientist •s and building (tum254Even as you turn to run you monstrous wolflaunch into the air you.
•Jhere is amoment of terrible stiltneis and then the futl weightOf the creature landg on top of you, sending yousprawling on the ground.
Yo• gasp in pain, die bnathknocked Out Of you, as the Wolf its cruel teethinto your shoulder and rakes your back with its steel•sharp cla ws.
(t.
.
oæ 4 STAMINA POintS,)You suddenly hear a gruff bellowing at the beastto you, You fel the wolf on top Of you tenæ.
he prwsure of ere steel gin-trap of its jaws aroundyour shoulder abruptly easø.
as your would-be
256—257by her cold, piercing stare.
Roil Ovo dice.
If the numberrolled is Less than, or cqua! to, your CITANCE score,tum to 10; ifit is greater, tum to 52.
256Among Lheclutter and detritus that has been dumpedat the base of the windmill, now lying undet a thickcovering of dust, ycu find a gleaming Iron Rod,polished to a blue-black finish, with a sphere Of metalat end and a gleaming spike atop that.
It is acurious piece and you may add it to your EquipmentList if you wish.
is nothing else Of value so w illyou settle down to sleep (turn to 279) Or thewooden Staircase to the next level (turn to 163)?257Three Egu.
res appear, picking their way among theguy ropes Of the tents.
are taken by surprisewhen suddenly confronted by you.
But you don'tknow who is more shocked, you Or they, for you arefaced by three surly circus folk.
There is the Carnivalefire-eater (his torso covered with a tattoo of aserpentinc dragon) and the bald-headed, moustach-iocd strongman, who is leading a hulking.
green-skinned ogre by a length of chain attached to a spikedcollar.
•We've found them!' the fire-eater gasps.
•You should think about giving yourself up, the gruff-voiced strongman says, t•agging meaningfully on thelumbering ogre's chain, making barrel-chestedbrute grunt with annoyance.
As he does so, firc-eater moves round behind you, blocking off your
ecape route.
Will you give up, as the strongmansuggests (turn 281), or prepare take on all threeCarnivale characters together (rum tc 294)?258Stifling a yawn you make for the stairs that lead out offrie bar and up to the guest-rooms.
As you leave, youhear Ehe landlord making his demands of the barmaid,finishing with.
'And lay a new fire in the grate,daughter.
' TO which she mutters somedling undoubt-edly disrespecful in return.
Leaving the miserablepair 10 '-heir bickering, you head upstairs Jor bed.
ruom is sparsely furnished — a Small table, a chai: andpallet bed — but you do not care.
You feel shattemdafter your meeting with the phantom Highwayman,not to mention the wearying march.
Ycu are asleepfrom almost Ehe moment your head hits the pillow.
You wake from a dream (Ln which you are chasingthrough the woods barefoot after a stag) due to yourbed being shaken.
You open your eyes blearily.
Youcannot see anyone else in the chamber with you,by the thin shaft of moonlight entering your roombetween the shutters, but there is ihe sound of woody:raping on wood, as if the furniture is being movedacross ihe bare floorboards.
Cautiously, you easeyourself out Of the bed, which hag stopped shaking,and pull your sword from its scabbard.
You watchdumbfounded as the table and chair rise into the air infront 01 you.
'Ihey hover there for a moment, three feetoff the ground, and then suddenly hurl themselves atyou.
Incredibly, you find yourself fighting for your
259lite against a and a chair! Fight the pieces Offurniture a t thc same time.
TABLEIf you win, turn to 72.
259SKILL STAMINA5664With the day wearing on, the hunting party sets off insearch the Beast.
The men who make up the bandare used to the hardships Of in even harderland.
ney are men of few words, who value actionover rhetoric.
Their hounds at their chains.
snarling and slavering, eager to be after iheir prey.
A number oi veteran Irappers guide party intothe forests north of Vargenhof, beyond the scraggypastures whete ihe Beast took its most recent victim.
You enter ute pinewoods under a glowering, overcastsky, and once beneath the overarching branches it isas dark ag if dusk has fallen.
The path the party takeswends this way and tlut through the forest.
wolf-hounds and mastiffs being loosed to sniff out thequarry.
Others among the group assure you that youare following signs left by the Beast Of itspaasing.
You.
with your own heightened lupine senses, however,cannot pick up any scent or sign or such a monsteranywhere nearby.
As dusk really does begin 10 fall, indesperation the hunters split up and spread in anattempt to find their quarry.
Suddenly alone, youstumble on through the encroaching If youhave the Night Creature special ability, turn 20 410.
If
not, your Luck.
If you are Lucky.
turn to $10; if youare Unlucky, turn to•Here,' says the scholar, proffering a steaming flask,drink this.
' You take Lhe flask and sniff at the steamclouding at Ehe brim.
You instinctively recoil Lndisgust.
You ask Vereticus what the elixir is madefrom.
mvere's a lit-tk wolfsbane in there,' he offers,' tincture Of silver and Of mistletoe.
You are goinghave to hold your nose as you drink, if are everto stomach this curious potion: but are youcertain you want to drink it? If you do, to 178.
Ifyou politely decline, turn to 193.
on, the passageway bends to the right andopens into a large, low-roofed cavern.
On the otherside of the cave, another tunnel.
similar to the one youhave just left, continues into the darkness that liesbeneaEh the Abbey rock, But betwexyn you and theonward tunrlel the floor of the cave is lost beneath apool of foeäd slime.
writhing wiåi the bloated whitebodies of Giant Maggots.
This explains die aggressiveattitude of the Giant towards you: the insectswere protecting their brood.
stench here IS evenworse than that of the effluent pipe and you can seenubs of bone picked clean by the hungry maggcb, Doyou want to risk crossing the maggot-pool to get tothe tunnel the Other side (turn to 293), or wouldyou rather retrace your steps to where you enteredthis stinking underworld and take the other path ( turn227)?

262—263262The monks dead, you stumble into the sanctuary andcome upon the heart of the corruption in his placeSloshing about in a pit cut from between liftedflagstones, and filled with cloying green slime, is amaggot of a magnitude you would never have imag-ined.
The thing must be 20 feet long from snout to tailand as you watch it shudders, its tiny blind-head endswaying around, sniffing you out, the maggot's moistwhite body rippling repulsively, Glutinous slimedribbles from the abomina Bon's incessantly workingmouthparts.
The sickly sweet smell at its strongesthere and rnakw you gag.
It is then that you realisewhy is so familiar to you: it is the stench of decay.
Surely evil such as this cannot be pernUtted to live- Ifyou have the word Stoggam written on your AdventureSheet, turn 10 365.
[f not, you could deal with thegrotesque Abbot-Maggot with cold steel (tum to 426),or, if you know Of another means Of fighting themaggot, you will also know a particular name.
Turnthis name info a number using the code A—I, B—2,.
706, add the numbers together and turn to theparagraph with same number as the total.
Alternatively, you could just run from the monstrousmaggot's presence and the Abbey (turn to '48).
263The cloud of black mist rnoVC% across the palatialchamber at speed, until it disappears undera tapestryon the far wall.
Hurrying after it, you pull aside thewall-hanging and find a hidden door.
Beyond it, in a('amped turret chamber, you find the last of the
Vampircss' coffins.
Throwing back Ehc lid you see Ehere-forming body of thc undead dorninatrix.
Withouthesitation you plunge your blade into the creatur€schest; penetrating her shrive!led black heart.
Theeyelids flick open and an unholy screamescapes from her gaping mouth as she expires.
Beforeyour eyes her flesh dissolves into and her black-ened skeleton crumbles to dust.
You have destroyedthe vampiric Countess Isolde and freed the people OfMaun from her tyranny.
Regain z LUCK points! Withthe undead Lady of Maun truly dead al last, do youwant to spend time searching her chambers for(turn to 325), Or do you 10 thisplace of evil as without further delay (turn to 346)?With Golem nothing more than a ofmelting fat.
waxy white chunks and cut candlewicks,you cross the and examine the ornate looking-glass hanging on the far wall.
Close to, you realise thatthe mirror has been fashioned from black volcanicglass, its ornately wrought frame, burnished gold.
Asyou stare into the black glass, your own shadow-eyedface stares back at you.
An ins<iption has been etchedinto the frame.
It reads.
ifyou would my secrets know,take can bestow,Take courasc now, stg' forth and speakAnd teli ntc what it is you n•ekIf you know what it is you should ask for, turn thename into a number using the code AZ' , B=z, cz'.

2=26, and turn to the paragraph which is the samethe total you come up with.
If the paragraph makes—o sense mirror will not give up its secrets toyou which leaves you only two options WIL you*hash the mirror (turn to 34), or leave the turret room,to the Map Room and proceed from there (turn321)?265As the curious being darts over the sparkling groundFou desperaiely try tc wrack your brains for any wayyou can possibly think of to rid yourself of the icyYou need to test one Of your abilities.
ether by Testing your Skr7/ or TBting your Li't-k If youyour Skin and are successful, turn to 287_ If youryour Luck and are Lucky, turn to 299.
If you fail,50 matter which ability you test.
in desperation you3-411 yoursword from its (turn to 218)Apart from the pick, the dead Dwarf has few passes-about his person, which is probably why he±sked prospecting in such a perilous place.
However,the miner 's pack you find a still-stoppered potionlabelled 'Ryrtune'.
bottle has one tot left inDrinking the potion will return your LuCX score toInitiat level.
'Ihis is a lucky find indeed! Now youreturn to 122 to decide which way to go.
Qat of the foetid pool, the blade appears to shine.
It ismagnificent weapon and has not suffered any
tarnishing, despite its resting-place.
•luming the bladeover you see engraved gothic lettering flash in thelantem Light.
They spell out a name: 'Wulfen'.
Youhave found a powerful magical weapon.
Restore 1LUCK point and, fer as long as it is your weapon ochoice, increase your Attack Strength in battles by 1point.
As well ascounhng as a magical weap on.
which'will harm the undead, demons Mid magical crea tures, Jthe Wulfen Sword has a charm bound into it, whichworks against the moon-wrought powers of were-crearures.
Injuries you lay against any creature withthe word •Were' in its name, while wielding theWulfen Sword will cause s•rAMINA points damagerather than the usual 2.
Add the Wulfen Sword to yourPossessions.
marvelling at the magnificen!weapon you hold in your hands, you begin to wonderwhat else migh be lying beneath the surface of thpool.
DO yon want to extend the search for artefacts(turn to Or will you climb out Of the pit withwondrous new find to 154) ?And so I find myself here, a mercenary seeking ajob that will pay for a comfortablc bed at a Warm innfor the night.
' you say, concluding your story.
'A sell-sword.
you say?' The man never once takes hiseyes you.
'Then you have come to the right plaBut let's not talk here.
You must be hungry after yourtravels and •I-be Suckling Pis has a roaring fire that willtake the chill from your bones.
•You allow the man — who is Konrad, headman
Strigoiva — to lead you to the village's only Eavem,where at his insistence, a bowl OF steaming muttonstew is placed before you.
You devcur the mealhungrily as you listen to what he has to tell you.
(Regain up 4 STAMINA points,)'We live in cursed Hmes, my friend, and *rigoiva feelsthis curse more strongly than other places.
On anigh basis we suffer the attacks of a veritable armyof ghosts.
'Ghosts? Konrad has captured your attention.
"Whatghosts?' you ask.
•Terrible spectres all,' he goes on.
'First there is theShuck, which preys upon travellers on the westernmoors and keeps Father Cortan a virtual prisonerwithin the holy shrine to the goddess of the healingspring.
Then there is the Headless Highwayman, who?rcy5 on folk who travel the road north to Bald, justhe did in his Ltngodly lifetime.
And last, but most'errible Of all, there is the Howling, which assails us inour homes each and every night.
We have had enough.
you arrived, you found us preparing to meetEle ghostly pack and send it on its way back Eo Hell,or die trying.
Will you help rid us of our spectral:ormentors? We would reward you in our own modestway.
'want to stay and help the villagers in theirbattle-••ith the Howling — whatever that might bc — turn to40.
[f not, turn to 434.

There is a definite gap between the edge of the mirmrand the frame, Tapping the wall around the edge ofthe frame you finally fu-ud what you are looking for.
You apply just the amount of pressure at theright spot and the reflecyng glass swings back.
Beyond the mirror lies a small charnber draped withblack velvet and lit by single red lantern.
Standingon trestles is a grand black coffin with gleaming goldhandles.
If you ever had any doubts that Maun Toweris the lair of a Vampire t-hey vanish now.
You knowthat a Vampire's coffin is is last refuge and as long asthe undead creature has such a retreat to return to itcan never truly be vanquished, You send the coffincrashing to the floor and smash it to smithereens.
(Make a note the fact that you have destroyed thecoffin on your Adventure Sheet and add to yourALARM score.
) Feeling more confident about the out-come of your mission you leave the second floor toexplore elsewhere (turn to 7).

There being no time like the present, you seize yourmoment and leap at he thing, sword drawn.
*eingwhat you are planning.
the Changeling ar,dleaps into the rafters above your head.
in the sameinstant, as if compelled by the will of another, FarmerBauer and his wife march towards you.
armingLhemselves with a stout log from the woodpile and arolling-pin, ready to defend their unnatural 'child'.
The Changeling as the old couple try to barteryou with their improvised cudgels- You have no wishto harm the elderly pair and so fight only to disarmthem.
Farmer Bauer has a SKILL score of S and MistressBauer a srrLL of 5.
Ron for Attack Rounds as normal,but reducing your Attack Strength by 1 point.
Youneed to win two Attack Rounds to disarm eachopponent, and have to fight them both at the sametime.
If the farmer or his wife win an Attack Roundyou will suffer damage as normal.
Keep a hack Of howmany Attack Rounds it takes to disarm the pair (youwill need to fight a minimum of four).
When you havedisarmed both Farmer and Mistress Bauer, you are atlast able to tackle the Changelinb But while you havebeen dis tracted theirnphas been steadilyitself.
it is now much larger, and more vicious than itwas in it.
s infant form.
you come to fight theimp you must increase its STAMINA scoreby the number of Attack Rounds it took you to disarmthe Old Couple.
You must also increase it SKILL scoreby the same number divided by two (roundingfractions up), Now tum to 137 to resolve this ba ttle.

you bank he Black Wolf you yaware of lest of the wolf pack continuing to cLn around you, and that distrac60n is nuIt ukes.
You stumble on an root and lose yowfooting, n•.
e huge wolf spi7ps opporturdty withunnerving animal curuü.
rtg.
Your sword-arm nailingas you try to maintain you.
r the wolf smthrough your comprornised defence and hurls youbodily to ground.
You fee) is great weight on topof you.
the breadl knocked out of you.
You can smeDcarnivore's breath.
hear is *i.
arl in you: ear.
And wi&l a *vage ay of anima I Etisfacsm,wolf sinks is fangs into of your m.
i.
ldetSTAMINA pints.
) Your agtmiædNddenly by a howl of as wolfiS pip.
Your visim geyiny you se a Älj,hgure standing ova a sturdy wgun •s ue his head.
axeagain wolf givs a strangled yowl and leapoff you.
swin5 hÉ axe again and thewolf yelping the of the pad skulking afterdieir leaden Then the great figure is loarrüng over you.
by pain and blood loss, your body cannottake any mote and you black out.
Turn to 111.
272You trudge on acrws Ferunoor, following the nanowpaths of firmer ground zigzaggingmarshe have Sven thwe their name.
fog coninuB 'o thicken around you adds to yourof undl you have idea where
an going.
A shrill wund suddenly üuoughsmothering mist.
like screaming Ofwotve.
All of terrible premonitionswil your overwrought mind and you begin to feelyour fate is (Add t to your CYANCE*ore.
) And then you Y?-e movement ahead, Smoky*drils dance before your eyes, their t-.
•.
'istfrlg course—mingly directed by some gestalt intelligence.
Aswatch, transfixed, you fancy that yml can—nstrous faces appearing through the youwondering wheher your own eye are play•.
ngon you, a fmm thevapour around you.
It has burning eyes andSng-filled slash of a mouth.
Beneath misshapenand neck.
two arms emerge from the—iris Of mist.
ending in rending claws.
Fromtorso down.
the creature's trails away intoas it back inu mist.
ptesque creature dare forward, spiralling arourdan effort to but yma do not hil toappearanæ of a «eature.
You have heardof the* monstes before but had thought themruff of fairy tale.
Unfortunately for you Fogare all 100 real.
You have no ±oice but to fightcreaturs together as they close for the klll, theirGies your teeth on edge.
hrst FOG DEVIL*ond FOG DEVILyou win.
turn to87"AMINA66
273—274At the very top of the spiral staircase you pay throu*a door and emerge onto the of the tcwetDark rags of cloud scud across the moon, whR.
h han—near full over the landscape.
Staring up at the momyou can feel lunar energy work.
ng iB way inmevery of your bang calling to Ü-.
e wolf within(Add to your CHANGE Momentarilyby the gaze you become aware of apitched "ueaking sound that you would never haveable to at all your trarsforrradminto a wolf began.
Lc»king up, you æe the flappü-gof bats from E pe•uous skyyou an reach the door that kads back downbito the tower, the bats are you.
anwing-claws nædk%harp fare.
You are going bhave to fight ærvanb Of the crature wrorule here.
FLOCKOFBAISsx.
ru 5 STAMTNA 1Ikduct your score from 15; rhb 01-enumber of Attack Rounds you will luv•e to fightyou can the of bats, if you do 'Üt defeüthem in Ipwer rounds.
If you do maruge to drivebats off and return to the mlative safety of the interi«01 the tower.
turn to 7 to exploreDrawing your sword, you leap at the lutdlord'sdaughter, but before you can land a blow agairst hathe doors oi the stable are thrown Opal by a gale-fora
wind and you hear the shrill whinny of a in theyard behind you.
'He comz,' Meg says, looking pastyou.
'my fine gent:ernan, my brave I_Ærd Youturn and come face-to-face, as it with theHeadless Highwayman mce again.
Tue spctre entatssuble on fi>0t.
drawn sabre in one hand andEveled head under ere other.
"You would lay atend my Meg7' the gtKBt faærage.
•I-hen you wdl py life!' And wiåiLord Luae atacks.
HEADLBÆGHWAYMAN SULL8 srAUINA8u you defrat your tum to 115.
Anoeer an further downauk* amp tie outstretch«l oi ahghming—sundered elm tree.
may eat Meal'sworth Of Provisims if before *ttlmgbut as is notin .
You are wokm from a (in which you are bayingat Ehe rn«m with the rst of your pack) by ever-You hear a naningcoming from Of the dead elm andcatch the shimmer of shadowy movement.
ishe glimmer Of momlight glistening, elongatedAngs and the Vampire Bats, which have scented youby the corrupted pulsing veins, flyto feed.
You are going to have to fight thebbodthiesty all together.

Fint BATSecond VA.
'&IRE BAT56Lupravian Vampire Bae are eve.
mor be fearedthan &rose of other lands.
They are horråbly overlargecreaturw with *vage.
fanged face, giving hem anundead appearanæ.
To add to their unpleasant form.
this pardcular pair are also riddled with rabies Ifmanage to bite you — just Once — you must addpoint to CHANG" If dspatå cfaeaturw you of nighwide awake, out mor of thÄr .
YINm your way.
Wrn phmged Witsbuilding ym• w« in fu-twithAs a ttunkfully, you now towou turrn (r%ain 1bu t it is going to be a b•ttk win etSPECNALWOLFIf you ds*oy wolf-ghost, tum to *43.
The of the poticm you have choæn drink •.
Nnot consmnt, changing from me månu& to rext-Rou me dir and mnsult the ubie below se whateffect elixir has on you.

Dice MI3-45-6Efictcurrmt iB Initulyour STAMNAIni leveLRBtore your currmt to InitülWill you now drink me of üle other pdons (tumyma leave bumhgweiÖt in tora&z a miøitmint yaa.
r by r Astuce yma •n«ninmoclimb down iBhe plate it O.
Jt Nb o rnxe down the wall and advnrceon witt •low clanking (Add to yanrote.
)AMMATEDARMOURS STAMINA 8witl your Duce.
every Mme suit of armmar w-fuAtack Round you will suffer 3 poinB STA.
umAdamage.
You auy afE two Rounds bytuning 7.
If suy metal

279—280menace.
i? on carpeted floor ofcorridor, now jus so rna.
ny pieces of ba ttered armour.
Will you now take down one of the shields from thewall (turn 203) or will you leave to exp10Le else—where (turn to 7) ?279Pulling an Old, blanket over you tot extrawarmth, you make yourself a make-do bed for thenight, using your backpack as a pillow.
You are lastasleep and snoring soundly when somebody creepsup on and knocks you over the head with a heavycosh.
Lose 2 sTAMINApoine and, if you are st•iJl alive.
turn to 476.
280The old woman gives a startled cry and spins round.
On seeing you her beady black eyes narrow and anugly grimace contorts her already unattractive fea-tures.
She quickly flicks to another page in her bookand.
chanting the incantation she finds there, pointsher wand at the creatures ai her feet.
Realising hecrone's evil intentions you prepare to defend yourself.
Then the spell takes effect: one of the toads at her feetstarts to swell, rapidly increasing in size.
Havingstarted off as big as a man's fist, it is soon the size ofadog bui k€*ps on growing.
'Itie transformation dc.
x•snot stop until the bloated toad is as large as a pony.
Pushing itself forward on its huge webbed feet, thewitch's familiar moves EO attack, the tip of its longuedarting in and out of its rnouth.
GIANTTOADSKILL 6 STAMINA 1
If the toad wins an Attack Round, it lashes you withits poisonous sticky tongue; On a roll of 5 or 6 you lose4 STAMINA points instead of the usual z.
If you kill thetoad, you must now deal with the witch.
Turn to 65_Suddenly surrounded by Camivale folk, you areseized and your weapon taken from you, You aretaken inside the larger, grinning maw tent at the centreof the encampment.
You find yourself standing at thecentre cf a circle of the strange CarrGvale players.
Many Of them bear some kind Of mutation.
Youone man with gills in his neck like a fish, and a womanjoined at the hip to her twin.
The diminutive CarnivalcMaster pushes his way through the crowd and peersup at you from beneath the shadowing brim of histop hat.
are suspicious Of us Carnivale folk.
with ourunfamiliar Carnivale ways, but we do not mean anyharm.
We are fust trying to make our way in the worldlike everybody else.
VVe Offer sanctuary to the dis-possessed, the unwanted and the outcast.
Most arehappy to leave us be, paying for the privilege 01glimpsi.
ng a world hey are fortunate enough not to bepart of.
But then some people like you,' he says,stabbing an accusing finger a t your chest, •never let usbe and force us to move on from town to town, villageto village, never able to rest for fear of the falseaccusations that follow us And what kind of personare you anyway.
to think the worst of us?' If you havethe eodeword RAIik written on your Adwmiure Sheet,
rum to 418.
If not.
roll two dice and add 2 toIf the totalis equal to or less than your current CHANCEscore, turn to 3; if it is greater, tum toThe dressed stone walls soon give way to hard packedearth, within which have been cut long, low recessæ,each large enough to hold a coffin.
Ihese must be thecatacombs of the Abbey, in which predecessors Ofthe present-day brethren are interred.
The catacombtunnels wind through the ground beneadl the Abbeycornplex, by flickering tallow-tapers.
Turning acomer you hear a sudden skittering sound, whichthen joined by a shrill squeaking.
You can see that anumber Of the coffin—alcoves have been disturbed, theshroud-bound remains being gnawed at by thecreatures your arrival has interrupted.
At first glanceyou take them to be rats but as you begm see moreclearly through the gloom, you glimpse ofbare skin.
suppurating sores and oozing bubo.
s,exposed ribs, jaundice-yellow eyes and bony, fleshlesstails.
These are no mere rats, they are contaminat«lcarriers of the lethal Yellow Death, and would muchraU•xer feast on warm fresh meat than olct dry bone.
Fight the undead rodents if they were one entity.
GHOULRXIS6 STAMINA toIf the rats bite you more than twke, you becomeinfected With the Vile plague they carry.
Lose •i SKILLpoint in addlhon to any STAMINA you may Jose, andadd 1 to your CHANGE score, If you survive thispestilential encounter, rum to 362.

20'Why, everyone knows the name of Wulfrv.
And, aye.
Yve heard tell of the Khd Prince, not to maution hisbro&rer.
Count Varcolac, who is head of the familynow.
.
Although how much is fiction and how much isI wouldn't like to say,' Konrad warns you.
I've heard is that this Garoul was locked up in a towerof Castle Wulf«t and was driven mad by his incarceration.
Now it 13 said that he will eat Only raw meatand howls •t the Full rn0Cm, when it appears in theheavens' Now turn to 395_Higher up he tower, on ute fourth floor, you come toa long corridor with Large portrai& in heavyThey d.
ict various members Of thearistocrabc family, Lheir shared likerusshungry, hawkish of the paintings mt.
16teveral hundrd years Old.
range from gaunt-look.
ng old men in ill-fitting suits Of ceremonialarmour to full-length Of a striking.
platinum-haired young woman.
In fact, there are more pain h.
ngsot her than any Other person on display.
representztion Of the noblewoman m particular grabs yourattention.
Realised in earth-toned Oils and broadbrushstmkes, it shows the subject standing beforecrenelated battlements, a stormy night's sky behmdher and u•ue silhouettes of bae and carrion birdsflif•bng acrms the glowing orb of the moon.
You feel asif the woman is staring from canvas directly intoyour eyes, and are suddmly ova-whelmed byfeelmg üut you are being watclx•d.
(Add 1 to your
ALARM and make sure the codewcrdrecorded on your Aåænture Unable to shakethe fæling of una* this has left you with youaway from Ole gallery u-ld another oflower.
Tum to 7.
285Somehow you manage to master the beast struggling10 free itself from Inside the fleshy cage Of your bodyfor just a few more precious momene.
You might stillget out of this alive, and still human! Regain 1 LUCKpoint and turn toThe black mist rushB out of the dumber withleaving you abne in paladalvampiric Countes has tome of her hidden coffin-sanctuarie recuperate.
Although you luve a victory over it is onlyu•mporary.
vampiric Lady of Maun will Nturn.
01*tat you can be a*bured! (tx»se LUCX point ard addthe codeword Daednu to your Adventur Sheet.
) Aloneat the top of the tower, will you spend some time*arching the Countess' chambers for valuable orartefacts Of power (turn to 325), or will you quit thisplace of evil as quickly you Can (tum to 346)?287Of course, it sems so obvious to you now.
•rhe&mental is a creature of Ice and cold, hnt woulda natural defence agamst it Quickly, you pull ym•rEnderbox from your backpack I-hg the kindlirw
you carry wiül you, you light a small fire and are ableto get e dry tree branch 10 bum.
Wivlng your bumlngbrand in front of you, you force the sprite back andout of your way.
'Frost and mow and chill windsblow, the warming come away we go!' the creatureshrieb and to into emin air.
Regain 1 r.
ucxpoini and nun t0314,Gunging you your way thro• theunderpowth towards the lilång nickeringfirelight.
It dces not tüe tong to reachment, which has been made in a sheltered clearing.
Anumber of brightly painted wagons hnve been drawnup In a mugh circle.
and mule that broughtfred Of and grazingrnrby.
At of tie ring of w•gms a Large fireis burning furiously, and dand.
ng barefmt tlrname is a teautiful young her Skiroas she dances, as her legs kick and leap, braceletsaround her and ankles jangling, providE•tg apercussive accompniment to (he accordion Thereare Otter too, sitt%'g •round fire,clapping in ame to the music.
Try are inbrightly coloured skirt' and trews, andAll of them are ollve of skin dark of hair,and all of them str»w ttk•ir wealdl about &meir perynin an fashim, earrings,ne•ckl«« of sani-predus stms large rirv.
the Mortaru gypsie, nahve of [hecursed land of Lupravia, descendant' of the originalnom•dlc tribespeople who first settled the mountain-
valleys Of A frw or them give yousideways as you approach.
but nme try tostop you.
And all time musx drurM its waythrough you.
Rou two dice add 2 to Ehe nurrü*rrulk•d.
It tte Ä)tal 13 or equal to your CHANCETore.
rum to 336; if it turn 323.
2$Thankfully, Irr teriHe ordeal.
old wornanstill alive.
wc«lsman take Grandmother Zekøva in hie armsand carnw her to her bed, where he dtrs his best tomake her comfortable.
Her eye flickering.
betweenragged gasps, dre nys.
'Cllrich.
is that you?'It is, he repLe.
his voice low andwhat brings you my cotuge, fortuitouAy.
atlate hour? She wheeze.
You listen anxiously as Ulrich relates the event' thathave led you both to this poLnt.
The old woman takesm all tois turru had at youhave by a IyanthroF aml now carry"me dread You nod wearily 'Lycaneuopya terröle and avpling curæ but you are%rtunate to met Ulnch this n•t.
and dutlud to bring you to if I un toyou now, you must me agatl creaturehat attacked you.
' If you have a Signet Ring, turn toIf not, Eum to 326.

290Picking up the transformed hand you hurl it inlo thefire with a scream of rage and then watch as the fingersblacken and burn, the flesh crisping and crackling inthe hungry flames.
Then I am doomed,' you say, in utter despair as yougate inlo the fire.
'Doomed 10 become a creatureblcv»dthirsty appetiles be unable 10 controlwhen the moon waxes full.
I shall be an outcast.
ananimal, a murderous beast.
' (Add 3 points to yourCHANGE score r)•Maybe no t,' Ulrich fixing you with an unne rvinbstare.
There is something old and forbidding aboutthe dark pits of his as if there is something clq•out Of l_JIrich at you, 'There may still bc hope— for you.
'is? Then what is to be done? You press thewcodsrnan to tell you more.
WT'at he know thatyou do
I know of two cures for lycanthropy, but we will have10 act quickly.
' Ulrich will help you? But why? 'Let usinst say that we all havc our secrets.
' So what are thecures? 'Ilu_• surest way, is to find the werewolf thalinlecled you with its bite, and kill You could alsoeat a sprig of the herb belladonna, if you could findSome.
And there is one other course of action we cauldtake.
We could seek the assistance Of GrandmotherZekova, the wisest person I know, who furtherinlo these woods, over the border in Lupravia.
But itis up to you.
What do you want to do?' Will youPursue the woÅ• Ln Lhe hope of huntingdown the animal that bit you?Turn to 473*parch the w cm_Äds for the herb•rum to 195GO in the Grand-Tum to
291The Staircase leading to the windmill'S lower levels ison fire so, in a feat of courageous derring-do, youthrow yourself out of the top of the building, landingon one Of the ragged, broken-battened sails, and allowthe saw rotation to carry you down to the ground.
Dropping the last six feet, you run hell-for-leatheraway from the blazing structure as its dilapidatedframework finally gives in to the ravages of the ragingconflagraäon and Ehe storrn, and collapses Ln on itself.
You spend the rest of the night being battered by theunrelenting storm and when morning comes you goyour way, weary with sleep-deprivation andsoaked to the skin, but nonetheless grateful to bc alive.
Turn to 500.
292You spot the large, flat, circular boulder almost flushwith the floor Of the cave just in time to escape theattempt on your life that follows.
The stone flips up,like an opening and a huge, hairy browm spider— over ten feet in diameter— leaps out Of the hole nowrevealed in the cavern floor.
The arachnid's powerful,grasping front limbs hit the rocky floor barely a lootfrom you bul; realising its surprise attack hasfailed, the Giant Trapdoor Spider retreats into hole,pulling the boulder back into place over the top of itstunnel to protect itself.
Do you want to heave the stoneout of the way and take the fight to the spider (turn te514) or would you rather get away from here aquickly as possible (turn to 236)?
293—294As soon as you wade into the slimypool the maggots'blind heads turn towards you, drawn to your body-heat.
Unperturbed, wiLh one hand on the pommel ofyour sword, you take one determined Step afteranother across the lake of ooze.
The slime sucks atyour feet; it feels just like walking through a clingingswamp.
A bloated maggot rolls over and bumps intoyour leg, making you jump, but the fly larvae doattack.
They are only interested in consuming deadflesh.
You are halfway across ühe disgnsting cavernwhen your foot knocks against sornething Lunder thesurface of the slime.
DC you want to reach into theslime to pick up whatever i t is you have inadvertentlyfound (turn to 307), or will you keep going withoutstopping, just in case to 322)?•Grendel, kill!' the strongrnan shouts, releasing hishold on the beast's chain.
With a bellow the hulking±east bounds lowardsyou, the knuckles of its massive.
fists dragging on the ground, as the strongman andire-eater arm themselves with knives andadvance towards you.
You must always fight two Ofyour opponents at the same time (in whatever combi-ution you choose), until there is only left alive.
STAMrNACRENDELSTRONGMAN7RE.
EATER9786the Grendel-beast scores a hit against you roll one
295diæ; on a roll of 6 the creature's massive club fistscause you 3 points of STAMINA damage.
If youtwoAttack Rounds in a row (to any of youropponents)the Fire-Eater breathes a gout of flame at you, causingyou an additional 2 STAMINA points' damage.
If youovercome all three opponents, you can either fle theCarnivale straight away < turn to 29), or risk wntinuingyour search of the camp (tum to 281), but whateveryou choose to do, add the codeword Retlik to yourAdventure Sheet First.
295You snatch up the skull and then, there in front of you,is the headless ghost once again.
You have no choicebut to fight as Headless Highwayman tries toreclaim his skull,HEADLESSHIGHWAYMAN 8If you win, you hurl the skull Onto the Of thestable yard where it smashes into bony shards.
Turnto 76.

Elkins to the cheerful smith does not teli you anyL*'out the ma!ase affecting the of Maunyou do get on to the of your own quest.
*thout revealing any of the — andptenHa11y contenäous —details, you do tell thatcould do with some help.
'Taen you shouldCnuntess Isolde, Lady of Maun Tower.
She aI'm sure she would be willing and able toyou- And then there are Black Monks, they•ight be able to help too.
You'll find them at theirObey, north of here-' Do you want to take smithon his advice and seek an audience with the LadyMaun (tum to 255), or will you prss and quitvillage (tum to 350)?you descend the staircase the shadows aswall-mounted torches peter out.
The crypt it*lf isblack and you will a lantern it you areprogæs any further.
If you have a lantern, theCreature special ability or the codeword Nethör•ritten on your Adveyture Sheet, you can enter thesafely (turn 10 320).
if you don't have any Ofbut still want to risk entering the crypt, turn toif you don't want to the crypt after all, turn7 to choose another floor of the tower to explore.


mist thickens in front of you.
into the•ape ofa grotesque, phantasmat creature.
Everything'Sout it is a macabre exaggeration of what a wolfbe in life; horrific dagger-length fangs,*Sredding scythe-hook claws, blazing coal-eyes andincessant wailing howl.
You have no choicc bui to•n•fend yourself against the leader of the spectral pack.
you dipped your sword in water earlier, turn to 276.
ii not, turn Ec 96.
Rising from the depths of your subconscious comes ahyme that you rezne-nber being taught as a child.
• beware the Skitesprite, my dear.
Thenis fat.
and spindle-limixd heW/th icy andfreezius 'ouch brings thesnewfaü Chilt.
Winter hungers andsharpened ones that.
So the Shiversprite, my dear, theisfal.
'cautionary thyme was more dun just a child'sA.
•dtirne tale, it was a warning for those who mightthemselves a: the mercy of onc of Gn.
ndfathcr'••.
r,nter's minions.
The ditty even tells you the ele-ü•ntal creature's name and to know such a being'sname is to have over it.
'Shiver-sprite!'shout.
Hearing you utter i's name.
ihe creatumdi20st jumps out of its icy skin.
Whthout a moment's
hesitation you declare the Sprite to 'Begone!' With anear-piercing shriek the elemattal appears to evaand is gone.
Tum to 314.
Count Varcolac, Prince of Lupravia, WGe-LordWulfen Castle and first or his cu.
ræd werewolf blood-line lis dead at your let.
You have yorrrevenge on this monstrous tyrant, this begetterwolf-spawn But what is this? Even as you are lookingdown at Varcolaes in triumph youmany wounds you him knit andblc»dWly.
•II* werewolf's flick open but nowt*wy burn like ttæ fiery pits of hell Your hack.
lsand suddenly a o' vision-memories Lhat arenot your own your conwiOuS mind.
You five gather«.
l within siwdow-ieunted ruinsa rnonk, a a black-shrouded widow,nc%lewoman arul a yottnger Count Vareolac — as theyembark some unholy ritual.
In your raind's eyeyou cast treasurø, valuable to •pit of darkn%s.
You hear the chanted invocation.

the silver-wrought daggers they have {ortheir dark rite, feel he gathered Cadre's fear andexci±ed anticipaüon.
And then you briefly glimpse Elet.
h.
ag they Sum_twn far±l from the Infernal Pit.
awolfish demon.
its insubstantial flesh black as an evilman's dreams snarling Like a caged beast.
You se thedemon astounded Count and histrütsformation into a wd_f the first hme.
You Widerstand now what is happming uider yourappalkd gar The demon the Cadrwtüch the rakish yotmg prinm wrrx•ghtis chmgs dramabcany him, rsur«tüvgCount Varcol.
ac•s werewolf 'run the dead- Butwhat can you do to stop this demonic Ifyou •uve the Degnak recorded ycnxrAåmtture Siret, turn to 39 If haveyou my Silver durrng ycnaryou have collectaå ro daggers at all,turn to "3.
If you have five andhow What do With than.
tum pagenumber down u have thulfive daggers.
or you do not know what to do with*tern, turn to 464.
There are various chapters within Grymm's Folk-lore•nd the of print are accompaniedby woodcut illu*raäons Of such as a manex&acting the stone frum a toad's head a hagbeing put to the ducking-stool.
Much of Grymm nshowledge that any child would know But in
a chapter mtiUed 'Of Myos Conceming the Cycles 01the Year', the aufror writes about beliefs surroundinghe changing of the suting that sudof transition are when fores, Hed to thediffernt times of the year.
have uwst influence in theworld.
The seasons themselves are the per-sonifications of Mistress Springtime, SummerLard, Dame Autumn and Grandhther Wmter by tiefolk of Lupravia, who* livesare bound to cydö.
nte chapterof these elemellals.
a minion of OldMan called the *Livet-sprite, whowinler's return.
bringing hard frosts and suddenbhæards- You reach the end Of the da*r justreturns to library.
Turn to 260.
Ulrich off through the night at 'ueh a pa« inyour current you find it exhausting to keQup.
Your panting breath mists belore you in coldnight air, but Ulridi shows no sign Of slowing: yowpredicament is dim.
Arul so continue, haurunning to keep up with the as he hurriethrough the brtxxling i.
orßi, lead_mg you deeperdeeper into this dark domain.
You have been travelling in way for almcBt anhour when you come in sight of a stone cottage, com•plete with sagging thatched roof.
breakinghis se-ide, Ulrich marches up to ule sturdy.
iron-boundoak door and beae on it with the haft o! hß axe.
Frominside the cottage coms the sound of shuffling Steps.

followed by a crackd irritable voice: Who's there?And whet do you want?'•Grandmother? the wooeman calls.
Ulrich witha friend in need of you: help.
' A tiny hatch inmiddle of ü-.
e door slides OF and two cataract-blurred eyß per Out before the opa-uing cloz again.
Thee Ls the grate Of bols pulled back until atLast the door opeß.
A hunched figure ushers you bothinto the wam glow ti-æ is slammed shutandWrapped in a shawl the wim•.
edbks you up and down.
She has ahm•ked md chin.
and every part witdvlth a c.
hün silver charms hanging round her necki? s you who my help.
is it?' GrandmotherZekova say'S listen anticipaticm, asUlrich lens Old Of the fate that hasyou.
Old woman ampa_rs to take m whatUlrich With interst- When he isdone she you.
WlÜ•out a wordstare to prod and poke you, kwking •n your eyes andgetting you to stick out your tongue.
-aki takß a100k at wolf-bite åoulder.
I-year.
thmpy is a terrible and crippling indeed,'she at last, 'but you are fortunate to have mettrustworhy Cn.
rich here, who had foresight tobring you to me.
For I can help you, although 1 cannotcur you.
The diæase is still just taking hold and if weact fast we might yet be able to counteract theof I can a pot:icm
brewed from the weed.
which willbut with your I would like to bleed youthat the might have a fBter.
B'tent, effect.
•Will you let the blæd you beh»reistering her potion (turn to 335), or will you refuse arSimply ask her to prepare the belladonna(turn to 358)?Lightning through your in an outburOf primal fury.
(Lose 4 STAMINA points and, for asas you remain in the windmill, reduce your SKILL bypint as well.
) However.
fortuitously, the force Of tfral*i melts the manacles securing you to thbank and hurls you across the rtx»rn tland the table.
Tremonster laid out on the slab shudders as the forcethe storm animates it with unnatural life.
•It's alivescientist shouts with unbridled glee.
'Neverwill they dare to accuse Professor Arcanum Of infam'Now they will have to declare me a genius rathethan insane!' hulking construct turns to faceand with lumbering, clanking steps advances On yououtstretched.
Iu.
rn to 152.
Lantern in hand.
you run towards the rnmster 'swhile trying to avoid the raveling monster atSame time.
Test your Skill.
If you are succæssful.
turn tc125.
If you fail.
cannot avoid tie stalkingWidow (tum to 252).

Night — are night.
their influenced by lunar cycle.
You nowhave a cloær affinity to the darkræss and your nightvision has ccmsiderably.
You no kulger needlantern to by when it is dark.
whether it is in thedepths of a moonless night or you are exploringsubtenanean tunnel.
s.
If you are told that you musthave a lantern to follow a particular route you mayignore this instruction.
Make a note of this new specialability your Adænture Sheet and turn to the para-graph with the number as the you were lastinstructed to write down.
•Ah.
u ywrmy claw' m!'a LambNo: hrst barks, niffing ute again.
he muzzlewrinklin& • aMre uke • wolf clothing! •Screaming, VarcOWS Brides attack,clawed hands ready to tear your flesh.
Their path toyou is Obstructed by the dining table and chairs.
Youare able to mancruvre yourself so that you can fightewrn at a time.
BRIDEWOLFWOLF BRIDE76778
A silver weapon Will harm the brides just i! wouldother were-creatures- If you are wounded morethan th_ree Hmes, add 1 to your CHANGE score.
If youmanage to kill ail three cf the savage brides, turnto 352.
Blind whi le heads nudge at your hands as you fumbleaboul Ln the slime, making you shudder in disgust.
Your hand closes around what feels like the hilt of aweapon.
Withdrawing it you wipe the clinging slimefrom the Object now in you: hands and arediscover that you are holding a beautifully crafteeSil vCr Dagger.
If you want to lake the Silver Dagger, add this item toyour Adventure Sheet and add the ccxieword Stm•amyour Adventure Sheet.
You may the dagger incombat but if you do so you will have to fight withyour Attack Strength reduced by point.
Injuries youcause any crat•ure with the word •Were' in its namew suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points ratherthan the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to theirkind.
The Silver Dagger will also harm Undead anddemons but only causes the usual 2 STAMINA pointsdamage.
It takes a lew moments for you to realise that there hasbeen a cost to putting your hand into the slime, for itmildly acidic.
Your hand begins to bum and the skirreddens.
just as if you had been burned.
In time thepain wilJ pass but you still suffer STAMINA point 01da mage caused by the acid burn.
Turn to
The barmaid utters the last line of her spell with a finalflourish oi he: hands stadng towards the stable door.
You realise that she can see you, but unper-turtled by your presence.
•He comes,' she says, lookingpast you, 'my brave Lord Lucre.
'Hearing the jangle of harness behind you, and theimpatient snort a horse, you turn around and comeface-to-face, as it were, with the Headless Highwayrnan once again.
The ghost of Lord Lucre enters thestable On foot.
drawn sabre in one hand and his ownsevered head under the other.
Without uttering asingle word.
the spectre attacks.
HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN STAMINA 8If you defeat your ghßtly oppment, tum to 115.
With Steps, keeping me hand the wallto your left, you enter crypt.
I-ne silent darknessswalJows you up.
but it dcys not remain silent forlong.
A ghasdy hissing sound alerts you to the direnature 01 your situation.
Tien you feel the first Of halfa dozen pairs 01 filthy talons seize hold of you and, asyou struggle to ready your weapon, the first decayingteeth sink into your flesh You end your adventure ISthe main course in a ghoulish feast for the undead.

310—312the door you what toartifiær 's workshop.
Tre m«huucal gub 01 aumaNær of cl«kwork cova mdalong wiLhHoweva.
sun& out .
11It is a bras r.
lia of a ne metalwork aneun a.
ny mait armm.
_r, sands immobik, Eke not.
Nngmuch as an ardÄ'e maquette- Right overwhere figure's tæart would be a large keyhole.
IIyou have a Braæ Key want to urn it in thekeytnle, tum b If is elyyou in tlæ artificer's rmm •rø yæ will have toMum to u.
ke door that is rowahead of ym.
l (tum to Or Out to(hm•t 49).
pity y«.
your *cammV he —y.
darkly, 'but 1 p•mil a aearu.
re of thenight to live, and the contagion spruding.
' Withthat.
he raiß his plstol again in r.
p«ue,realÉing that combat Is inevleble.
youyour sword.
-li.
n•n to•pr*y thine '•wyv-lruus, my swee&w wmdmw!• warble thefirs', Üxatching the iM1 you.
(Cross It off fromyour •Now, be on your way.
'
you depart.
irutructed (tum to 352).
will you tum bride what Stey ar leastit (tum313it bypar of Wih a ÉtGter-iyapiäl Mtrh tiewith dowüiett ridicuhn-ward utta lie the of Were-creati.
u—, md how to04 what Wt you you mcst of it&ady — iseut are every lurgcyck ezewillWOY.
1pent) In re-nt—s Turnmth of ke maemor ofto fromard • mthmarkR' of Md lutg-pur-ple and 1mdscAF of heaåer-&ück Yeahla.
ndyou ame In sight of another village.
Tum to aso.

255killer's attentionis drawn to the new arrival.
The wolfgives voice to its blood-curdling growl and you feel itrambling through your body as the weight 01 thebeast still pins you to the cold, damp floor of the forest.
There is another shout and then an agonised yelping.
The weight on top of you is released.
Hearing anotherhowl of pain you manage to roll onto your side.
But*'mething is wrong: you feel woozy and your headstarts to spin.
Your vision greying, you see a tall,thickset figure standing over the Black Wolf, a sturdywoodsman's axe in his hand.
The axe descends againand the wolf gives a strangled yowl.
The axemanswings his makeshift weapon again.
landing anotherblow.
and the wolf flees yelping, the rest of the packskulking after their leader.
Then the hulking figure isioorniag over you.
Overcome by pain and blood loss,your body cannot take any more and you black out.
•rum 10255The Tower of Maun, home of the Countess Isolde,stands on a blasted escarpment overlooking theVillage.
sun has already set by the time yourthe tower and you are surprised to find the gatehouseunmanned.
Crossing the bridge that spans a chasm in
front of the tower.
you enter a high-walled courtyard.
Climbing a broad flight OF steps up to a gmndentrance, you knock on the large double doers.
Thepencd by a gaunt-faced man, dressed indoors are othe apparel of a servant.
You tell him that you are hereto scek the help OF the Countess and are ushered inloa large, circular entrance hall.
From there the man-serv ant takes you up d polished stone staircase 10 thelop Of the tower.
Finally he leads you a grand,high-ceilinged chamber, ornately decorated withheavy velvet window drapes of black and red, thedome 01 its ceiling painted with a zodiacal map oi theheavens.
At your abrupt arrival.
a striking, platinum.
haired woman dressed in crimson and black, her skinas while as ivory.
rises irom a high-bxkcd woodenchair.
Her scrawny set-cant tells her you are hereseeking her help.
'Is that right?' the Countess says,approaching you.
'And how can I help you?' You areby her beauty and find yourself transfixed

315The werewolf snaps as you euust the Silver ofSamtCrudusinto iS lace.
A bru tai hud lashesout, smacking the from your hand and rakingthe of your arm.
I-ox z STAMINA points and turnfo 150.
316Ducking irside the wagon you Shu t the door carefullybehind you.
You hold your breath as whomever youheard walks right pasl he caravan and around theCarnivale camp.
It is only after their voices have fadedinto the distance that you dare to breathe again andtake in your surroundings.
Puppets appear to coverevery available surface inside the wagon.
Glovepuppets lie in piles on the bed.
while painstakinglypainted and varnished marionettes hang from theroof beams.
Other incomplete puppets, some opera tedby wires, lie a workbench to your right.
You walkthe length of the caravan amazed at the detail andcraftsmanship on display.
first inkling you havethat something is wrong is the tap-tap-tap as of awooden leg on the boarded floor behind you.
Youturn, expecting to see the caravan •s owner returning,but instead you see a gaggle Of marionettes movingjerkily towards you — and no One is pulling theirstrings! What malign magic is at work here? And thenthe puppets are on you, wooden-jointed knights andsock-puppet dragons fighting alongside grinningpapier rnäché skeletons and hook-nosed Éster-clowns.
trying to swamp you with their multitudinousnumbers- And all the white wooden jaws
317-318clack-clack-clack as they ty to bite you.
You haveinvaded the P uppermaster's iruwnnost sanctum andnow you nust pay theprice,SKILL 6 STAMINA 12Where one puppet falls to your hacking blows, itseems that anoåmer takes iG place in an instant.
If youhave not defeated the puppets within ten AttackRounds.
and you are still alive, turn to 344.
If you winthis battle within ten Attack Rounds, all il means isthat you have managed to fight your way back to (hedoor and so can escape from the caravan (tum 10 329).
317With a deft move you cut in Wider the automaton'sguard and succted in kncrking the key out agai1LStraightaway, just as you hoped, with a grinding ofgears the attacking automaton Eecomes still again(Regain LUCK point.
) is nothing else Of interestto you in the artificer's room you return to tiejunction and take the door which is now ahead of you(lum to 428), or the one to your right (tum to 496).
318'Why, Ihar'sa dark place.
NO Cme peg there any more.
It's more home to wild animals now.
Of course itwasn't always like that but I wouldn't even tidnkabout going there if I were you, The only thing thalawaits anyone there is madness and a slow, lingeringdeath, if you're unlucky.
A quick, brutal death ifyou're more fortunate.
NC, I'd steer well clear of thataccursed place.
' Now tum to 395.

319The corridor leads you down a flight of steps into thesmoky heat of the castle kitchens, but the gods aloneknow what foul meal is being prepared within.
Acrone stands at a large cauldron, bubbling and steam-ing over a roaring fire blazing in the grate, muHeri.
ngto herself.
At her feet hop, scuttle and slither allmanner of toads, newb cockroaches, snakes, spidersand rats.
She consults a book open on a stand next toher, bends down, picks up a wriggling salamanderand tosses it into the pot.
stirring it in with a gnarledlength Of that looks like it could be a wand, Avile, acrid smell fills the kitchen.
Wi12 you:Call out to the to attract heratten tion?Enter and a Rack her?Leave the kitchens and take Otiwrleading from theentranæ hall?Turn to 280Turn toTum to 340Leave the kitcheru and ascend the grandstaircase and through the doubledoors at the top?Tum to i 46320The crypt extends beneath the fotmdations of Ehelower, ule vaulted roof supported by a of stonearches.
Betwæn the columns stand numerous stoneSarcophagi.
Moving towarcis you between the tombsare four shambling corves, their rotting flesh coveredby filthy grave-shrouds.
You will be able to escapefrom the crypt before the zornbies ever reach you, if
321you leave immediately (turn to 7).
However, if youwould rather face the undead in battle, in the confineof the crypt you can fight them one at a time,STAMINAFu-st ZOMBIEZOMBIEThird ZOMBIEFourth ZOMBIE56566556If you defeat the undead crypt stalkers, add to yourALARM "Ore and tum to 333.
You enter a mahogany-panelled cor6dor festoonedwiål black velvet drapes, the spacß hungwith the prtrai" tie ruling Lupravu.
Above them arr plaque-mounted reads of deer.
wild and erotic animals, including a uni-corn them, trophii$ Of thefamily The members of the Wulfen all beat anuncanny rewmblanee to one another, with lean, gauntand hungry, wolfish exprwsions.
Passing alongthe you come to poruaib Of the twocurrent princes of this dark land, First there is PrinceGaroul, the werewolf you first killed.
His por&aitto Stare at you with pieming,eye, right out of canvas.
His untidy black hairhar•+ down around his shoulders tike mark, •streak Of gry running through it fr«n a widow'sThen is the mad princ•'s brother, CountVarcolac, He is a forbidding man indeed.
Where hisbrother is dark, he is grey, although he has the eme
3.
22—323untamed 100k about him but tempered with a lordlyair.
He is ruggedly handsome and has pronouncedcanine teeth.
The eyes of the painting seem to boreinto yours, and suddenly instinct tells you that this iscreature you have come to kill.
Roll two dice.
If therolled than or equal to ymr rote,turn to It it is turn to 158.
Eventually you mach Ehe outer side of exe cave andbreathe a sigh of relief.
Ycw duck down stretchof tunnel.
the Stony floor becoming steadily drierunderfoot until it joins another tunnel running perpen-dicular to it.
To your right, the passageway dissolvesinto darkness whereas.
to the left, the tunnel soonends at a dlrular "die.
In turn.
tryond dui, ahdyl.
it.
stu•walid Itåoice.
Turn togypsies readily welcome you into their gatheringand soon you are tucking into roasted rabbit and cask-brewed fiery vodka.
(Restore up to 4 STAMINA points.
)Caught up in the fervour of good feeling — watchingthe Mortani dance the night away, your soul soothedby the music — the evening seems to pass like a dreammd eventually, exhausted after your long trek thro•Sleep takes you.
You Wake refreh«l fmm A to findgrass glistaüng with dew, the ground cold beneaülyou, the Morta.
ni gone: only the blackenÄå embers
of their campfire remain.
Mystified by so-angebehaviour Of the capricious gypsies, you prepaæ toset of something abou the weigh t of yourbackpack makes you stop and check inside it.
Roll onedice.
On a roll of 1—2, turn to 353; a roll of 3—4, turnto 3"; and a roll of 5—6, tu_l--n to 378.
You burst through the farmhouse door and into a fire-lit kitchen Cowering in üte corner are an elderlyu ple and to thern— you note widt 50m e Surprise— a cradle.
Seeing their anxious expæsions youbluster an apology and something about wanting tcshelter from the storm.
Once they are reassured youare not here to murder and rob them, the fannerand his wife make you welcome, offering you a seatby the fire and a bowl of turnip warming youand out.
Bearing in mind what you haveso far, you converse with the couple cautiously andtaste the soup with some trepidation.
You anto find there are no unpleasant ingredienb inclu-ded (restore up to 3 STAMINA points).
Your preternatural senæs tell you that tiere is nonungrnalevolentabout the couple but that some evil enchantment hasthe farm under its spell.
Your questons inevitablyturn to the disturbing nature of the farm.
'A holdinglike this must take some work to mamtam,' you say.
there anyone else w or king for you here?'No,' says Farmer Bauer, 'just meself, the enfe,Mistress Bauer and our tittle one.
' Little one? Surely
couple are far too old to have a new baby! ButFam•.
er Bauer points to the cradle, 'Ihat's right.
oubaby boy, our pride and joy, long wished ror and nowhere LIS.
A foundling he was, not Ehße twomonths past.
One day our houæ and home was asquiet and as it ever had been, since we lostcur Tomas ±lese twenty su_lnmers past, the next åerehe was on our doorstep, and suddenly health andhome knew joy laughter once again.
''Have a 100k.
why don't you,' says Mistress Bauer.
'Pick rum up ifyou like.
'Your sensB snarling at you from yoursubconscious, you lean over the cradle and pull backthe covers.
It is all you can do not to cry out in shockand recoil from the cot.
Lying there wrapped in awoollen blanket is no baby — at least no human child.
Tne thing looks more like a malevolent imp, a wolfishsprite covered In thick fur, with pointed ears, fangsand claws.
and a votesque gargoyle's smile splittingits warty face_ The Changelnng fixes you with darklyburning eyes and its smister srnile widens, a gutturalgrowl rising from ib throat.
'Isn'thea bonny boy?' Nd.
istreß Bauer "åys.
Tais spritehas endanted farrner and his wife into believingthat It is what they want it to be, but its evil influencehas also spread to rßt of the farm.
How longbefore it increaæs in power and its influence sprea&to the lands beyond? Your own changing state hasprevented the Changelings spell from working Onyou, and only you can do anything *'Out it.
But how
are you going to rewlve this situaåon? MI youchallenge the Changeling (rum to 270) orwillyou attempt to use cunning to achieve the goal(rum to 468)?Among the Vampires:' possessi0N aæ a number ofitems may be of value to you.
including a GiltMirror, a brass telescope, a lodestone and gold andjewels to a value Of 20 Gold Pieces.
You also find asmall, teak chest.
Inside, lying On a bed Of black velvetis an orna te Silver Dagger.
you want to take the Silver Dagger, add it to yourAdventure Sheet.
You may the dagger in combatbut, if you do so, you wili have to fight with yourAttack Strength reduced by 1 point.
Injunes you cau*any creature with the word 'Were' in its name willsuffer increased damage O STAMINA points ratherthan the usual z) as he pure metal inimical to theirkind.
The Silver Dagger will also harm the Undeadbut will ordy cause the usual 2 STAMINA points ofdamage.
There is nothing eBe for you here so you run backdown the lmg winding staircase.
to 346.
Having heard you out, Grandmother Zekova givesyou her considered Opinion.
only one Othercourse ot action left open to you now, If you are to ridyourself of this terrible curse, you must find and killthe first of the werewolf bloodline before the next full
moon.
or be-corne a werewolf yourself.
The firs t of thebloodline, but that could black-furred werewolfthat inf&ted you first place-UlHch has obviotsly made he same connection.
'Wemust hurry my fnend, if we are Ec catch your killerand Save your to 124.
327You hold the mirror out in front of you, reflectingVarcolac•s transformed visage back him At first theWerewolf appears to recoil, yellow eyes widening insurpriz Then t}uæ creature lashes out with a tautlymuscled smashing the silvered glass from yourhands.
It on the floor Of the chamber as theclaws gouge your arm.
Lose 2 STAMINA points andrum to 150.

32SDespite its sensaHonahst title, the History of CAireInfernal is a rather dry tome regardü•ug the debauåedactivitiæ of a group of ambitious aristocrats from dueprincipalities of Mauristatia.
Their main aims beingsocial advancement and control of lands at the centreof the Old World, the Cadre was something like a cultfor the idle rich.
Through connections unth the Cadre,its members were able to arrange politically advan-tageous marriages, burgeoning business alliances andpartake of every illicit Qlbstance, pastime and magicalpractice they could think Of.
It was at its height ahundred years ago, drawing its members from thenoble families Of Mortvania and Bathoria.
as well asLupravia, but popularity in the years after theWar Of the Four Kingdoms.
However, the authorconcludes by stating that there are rumours of theCadre Infemal being revived two decades ago by aband of Lupravian aristocrats, Perhaps Vereticus'
investigatlms have uncovered something *oat thisgroup.
(If you want to ask him about the Cadre:nfernal, the next paragraph in which you encounterthe scholar, subtract 50 and turn to that new para-graph.
) As Vereticus has still not you decideto skim through me of üle shorter Nads you havefound.
m_ll you look at Lycanthropy: The Curs ofWerewolf (turn to 313) or Grymh•' 's FoTk40re Lupravüa(rum to 301)?Out in the Qen.
under blind white gaze of themoon again, wul you flee the strange Camiva„le (turn29), or pe•sist in your '.
nvesägaäon (tum to 261)?To reach the crags north Of Vargenhof, you passthrough a spur of dense Pire foresi.
As you progresstrough the undergrowth you notice that the trees arebecoming festooned with thick drapes Of webs that«ver the branches like a Qu-oud- The clcmvpackedpines thin out again and you fird yourself at the footof a sundered peak, standing before the dark slash ofa slanting cave mouth.
The are eerily stillwithin the vicinity of the cave.
Perhaps this is a signthe Werebeast has its lair here? Not taking anydances, you approach the attrance weapon in hand.
The washed-out grey light penetrates Only a littleVay into the cavem beyond.
You listen intently andonly the drip Of water and the soundyour own heart thumping in your ears.
If you areging to whatever beyond this cave
331-332AR to your [fwant to turn from Oping (Or ifcumot your lanEem), turn to 244.
However, if ymdo want to tip uve ul garch ofcan eiürr do (turn to 70).
waitnightfall to nrpriæ aeature iS lair (tumRetr•cirg your steps •.
hmu* the dacaves.
you find your way back to chamberwhich yw he cave beneathFrom there ym.
a make ymar way out, intodear-ing the ave by which youtx&rwaid.
Turn to1 to rid of darkdomirum ova it, for t my*lla qzt as mantalk awhde.
for J am alwaysin fight agunsi Evu.
•ixilstem his pistol down on abeam opposite you.
'But J am forgetting myself,'on.
proffering his hand inname is Van RichtU1 Md I am a Vampiretwo of you get to talking all evilsecurity and grrtiry of eve world.
Were has iB filthy daws well and trulyprindpality of Lupravva,' he tens you.
h"•adda•dy ard mxpiratorul.
'l thatevm infeced theWU1fZ1 md are few of usoo
ttueat CM Niøtt, my—lf,and t*rmit Corran- Eval Out Wief-*Icken "holar Ikr•etia.
ß a rdl.
se andhis Enck old Myælf, ü•veand Priet in all who muin of the*Tet of ttk Black I have fwdNod for now.
But it is notof the that threatens the mortalof this Land.
There are others among the aristo-a-a" Of the night who would æople ofLuprvi• ete yoke of their blas-My currmtcreature Out åueata•u ofnot tulf a day's of hete- I couldof .
you pin inmy If Van tumIf yma declixe tum 419.
333Wth the dad you able tocrypt without fear furthe hindrance.
Ama•-.
gand you hnd ablackwood Coffin, With brass fitbngs,a polished granite piblth.
It is open enpty,hd with velvet, but it must for ayou wait to detroy the coffrl make a ofOct Out you have dak so your AåtrntureThere is nohing Of any ug EO you Lhataway fmm crypl.
head back to the Qiral•aircu *out climbuig step-vain (tum to 7).


334Over the roars of the enraged Beast you hear thenvang of a cmssbow firing, and another bolt buriesitself in the monster's shoulder.
The young womanhas recovered herself and her weapon.
Side-by-sidethe two of you to finish the brutish Beast.
Andthen, howling like a beaten dog, it is awaythrough the woods to escape its end.
"I must thank you, stranger,' the young woman says,turning large, limpid eyes on you.
Her striking beautytakes your breath away but it is tempered by a hard,unsmiling mouth and eyes that tell of many darkthings seen and overcome.
'l fear that were it not foryour intervention, the Beast would have the endof me.
' It is nothing, you tell her, arul introduceyourself.
'It was anything but nothing,' the womandudes, 'and L Katya of the Crimson Cloak slwuidknow, being a hunter of were-creatures myself.
Butwe must be away; our quarry eludes us even now.
Weannot let it get away!' (Add the toyour Adoenture Shut.
)The injured Werebeast leaves a trail thatunskilled in the ways Of the tracker could follow.
Thetrail of blood Spots and gouging paw-prints leads youback to the town and right up to the steps Of themeeting hall! You burst in, expecting a scene Ofcarnage and chaos to greet you but there is no Sign ofany monster and everything seems calm.
What isgoing on? The Werebeast must have resumed human"rm! Gathered before you the hall are five men.
Your lupine flaring.
you know tha t one of them
creature you now , but which one? andxan face, you by towhkh is tip evage, n•u.
rdamg morw&r yauWill you s rike akVeteran h t.
mter Johanrø?GregmIi•apper Sam ?Burgomaster Sttaub?Piotr.
Master Of the H ound3?Tarn to "3rum tomtoTurn toTurn 199Grmid.
rmer nova sits you down a ciuir andHum, making my great s*ww of wlutdoing, pulls up the steve of your terk.
in and pue aknife to an exposed vein.
Your blood starb to flow hotand dark.
artd it a Qu.
l.
lOwminute unül you surt to feland woozy.
3 srAMINA poinS.
) Just •s you thinkyou are going to out the[hw with a Of andthe wo•md with a süip o'As you a to move theZekova takes a stoppered gourd-tottiefrom a Qtelf and warms Is content' a small cauldronover the fire.
She adds a bundle of &ied andd--e-' leavz cMxxx-tim simn•«.
Tre ckæ airinside ete is filled with •n End arm.
Another half an hour and the podon is ready.
'Drinkthis,' Grandmother mova commands.
aladleful Of viscous liquid front of
lips.
Holding your you swallow the potion in asingle gulp, hoping not to taste it.
Although you feelno obvious effects, the potion begins to act immedi-ately, slowing the transformation that the lycanthropyis working physical form.
(Stbtrut 2points from your CHANGE «ore.
) Now tum to 382.
336Unable to help yourself.
you push through the ring Ofjoin the gypsy girl her dance.
Ratherthan push you away she takes your hands in andwhirls you away in a *'inning darre around the fire.
Faster and faster you spin, and all the time her qnilingbrown eyes are locked on yours.
It feels as if you aredrowning in those limpid pools, and then suddenly.
.
You are a Durket icz•n akunters is gathering, but spurn and seton hunt alone You find yourself front of agaping cave mouth, lighting your lantern you braveOrkness You are entering a frrbidding .
.
.
A•orrnt tater you are at top a staircase.
standingMore You turn the handle Ifthe to pur leftad enterAnd then you are back at the gypsy camp, staring intohe fire, the images you thought you just saw fadingnid flickering flamø Turn to 323.
You have tarried too long here.
As you reach foranother potion, the floor Of the lab bums throughplungümg y«.
l inm burning heart of
33Bthe building.
NO one could survive such a fall androasting effects Of the cozbind Yourcnrliy ard *ruptly over.
338The crone's Cook Book in fact a book of spells.
Mof the charms recorded on the crinkledpages in a Spidery hand Curses 01 simplewinrd's love spells.
However.
Üler-e is onecatci— your eye, a Tramfiguration Spell pagea charm agaißt skin-chMgers.
Takingcrone's Cook book Kith will you:Sample Of the concoction she WEbusy brewing ?Turn toLeave kitchen and take the otherleading fnxn theentrance hall?Turn toLeave and ascend the grand staircase tothe doors?Tum to
• 1Verewolves?• says, his voice suddenly ahrsh whisper.
•Why yes, there aæ plenty of storiesnncerning w erewolves in these parts, and other skin-changers besides.
But why do you ask? What interestdo you have in such malevolent matters?' Test yourLuck.
If you are Lucky, you manage to fob Konrad offwith a convincing excuse you make up on the spot,arm to 395.
However, if you are Unlucky, turn to 355.
follow passageway past and through abm-&ned rooms and empty spaces that appear to havethe characteristics Of an animal'S den rather thæ•t ambleman's family seat.
Ai last you come to anotherOf stone that into the bednx:k Of thewhich the castle is built.
DO you want to:Continue down stos?Tum to 74Qturn to die entrance hall and take theleft-hand passa ge?Turn to&turn to the hall and climb the staircaseto double doors beyond ?Turn toA rew firm tugs the grate frees it from the mouth oftunnel.
Clambering through, you set off along theilluminated passageway A few yards furtheryou ctrne to a juncticm, of sorts.
To your left is amed cell do not have a key.
To youranoder leads away üflo darkness,•hile directly ahead the torch-lit tunnel continue.

There are cmly two viable ways onward.
follow pas*geway to the right (turn to 282)conhnue straight ahead (turn 10 471)?The misEE pare and you find yourself in sight of anunassuming stone-bail: chapel, the slates or the rodbathed in the silvery light of the gibbous moon.
Thismust bc the shrine SaintCrucius, the location ofhealing well you so de*erately seek.
The shrirrstands at the edge Of a wind-blown spur of land,wom path that leads to it.
following the pr«ipitouslip of a escarpment that drops away 1m fet tothe undulating expan.
z of beyond.
A hideous howl cuts through the night, chilling you tothe core a thrill of adrenalin rushingthrough your You tum to face the whemthe originated and somehing big and blackmoving towards you.
It is a dog, buf as big asa Fnny.
ils fur bristling like a And yet it is thecreature's muzzle-face that horrifies you mc»t.
Oneeye bums red.
while the other is white and blind, likethe orb Of the moon.
Tue dog's slavering jaws arewith Savage, dagger-like fangs and from its heavypaws sprout claws that might gut a man with onepowerful swipe, You unsheathe your sword.
monstous midnight-black hound growls, measuringyou up wi&l itsoregoxl eye.
Roll twodicc.
If the totalrolled is than or equal to your tumto u it is greater, tum to 18-
34>344343According to the auhor of Thr Fan 0' the HouseWidÉn, the ruling family Lupravia has a longhistory of madneAs and strange inbred behaviour.
One chapter recounts a great battle bet-ween theWulfers, who are from a berserkerLdn tribe, and a vampire bloodline, fought for controlof the principality.
In those days the Wulfen familywere seen as champions of Good, but the head Of thevampire cult cursed the family wi&l his dying breath.
The frontispiæe of the book is decorated with theWulfen {amily tree, which shows the line Of descentfrom Dragomir, first lord of Lupravia.
through tothe current Count Van:olac and his brother, PranceGamu]- And tkkn Vereticus re—mterS Ebruy.
Tumto ZSo.
As you agaiNt the theanimated hanging from your amts andby their tee&l, he of the
caravan Opens and a old man afters.
He issyck-th_in, an overly head — not unlike amancme±te in his proportions — and glares at youhom behind a pair of spectacle S, youwould Eke to more about my prxious pets.
would you?' he hissei 'Thal so be it.
' With asurprisingly sudden movement the old man hurls ahandful of sparkling red at you.
Tl•ære is aflash and a puff of lurid aimson smoke.
As the smokeclears you find youru•lf looking up at thetowering Pupptmxter.
In fact everyeung appe•ßtuve gmwn sin arourd ymJ.
The Old mm bendsdown and picks up in hand, You are urubkto nove.
I—ling — almst .
.
.
the an to is nextpalple will marvel at intricate offigurB in pukQet par-Ecularly withregard to fre a sword-wiehg — yd— Ycmr over.

343-347Two hidnus wolfish forms round comer atend Of the stret.
You feel that they are loping straighttowards you, heads swaying fmm side to side, sniffinghe air Then they pass your hiding place, w!houtreacting to your artd you that in placestheir scabrou hides are holed and pulled back toreveal bare gæn-vey internal organs.
and n.
h•ks Hbs.
The V%rewarp — undeadwolve, a mi•lupü-æ form —•gain.
You out ym.
ir breth in a ofrelief.
immdi&dmgerm your way Timtull of towe-c digov—the d oors an agail u-.
d yea.
l aæ abk tothis You* Oi is ally moml.
itcwrtyard to th-ffl yma winbmmds of dark bwa•s powa If youcodeword writül on yair Ad-zenturemm to 3" If turn 3B.
Tie •quadc creature's stabling waterib sinks back into the depths hornwhi& it "0%.
Lungs straining fit to burst.
it is thenyou catch 51ght of white nukB of bone betweenweds and the glint of gold.
You surfacegasping for oxygn, taking heaving lungfuls Of •it.
Having recovered your breathy do you want to diveback down inö the pool to see wha t you can
retrieve (tum to 414), or you drag yourself out Ofthe clinging, slimy water and continue your waythrough the woods (rum to 4B)?34BThe hird floor of the tower is spartanly fumished anddecorated in contrast 10 the restof the tower.
You passwhat seem to be a number of cell doors leading off acorridor that follows the ouBide wall of the tower.
Reaching a door, from under which blows a chill nightbreeze.
you stop to listen and can hear a sailch-scratchsound coming from the Other side.
Trying the handleyou discover that the door is not locked.
If you wantto open the devr and enter the mom beyond, turn to361.
If you would rather leave well alone, tum to 7.
Oh.
pretty things,' the last Of the wolf'women as you carefully extract an artefact from yourbackpack.
But what can you Offer them? [f you offerthe brides a Gamet Rinw a Gilt Mirror, a BlcodstoneAmulet, Or a Moonstone Amulet, turn to 312.
youOffer them a Silver Mirror, a Charm Necklace, a Silver
Lcr.
ket, a Silver Clown, Or a Dacer, turn toIf you have none of the akxwe„ snarling, heir paåenceued up, the bridß stalk towards you (tum toYou an several miles from Maun, passing through arange of low hills with the day wearing on, when youcome in Sight of two dark silhouettes jutting up fromthe landscape.
To the west you can see an uniden-rifiable crumbling ruin.
Away to the east the hills risetowards jagged peaks that look like tie tee&l of somesleeping Earth Dragon.
But the outline Of one Of thesepeaks is obscured by a solid citadel-Ljke structure still*'me mi les away.
The road splis at this iuncture.
Tiemain road continue north through hills, while aless well-travelled track winds away unto the higherhills to the east.
There is longer any clearly definedpath leading to the ruins to the wßt.
Mindful 0' theapproach 01 nightfall, will you shelter at thecitadel away to the east (tum to 11).
investigateruins to the west (rum to 5) or simply keep on alongthe road you are following towards Vargerhof (tumto 98)?351Under the hulking Beast's relentless attack, youflounder and stumble backwards — over ute edge ofthe roof of the carriage.
And then you are falling,plummeting 10 your death at the bottom of GarouGorge, the stagecoach, with Werebeßt ræring inh•iuunph atop it, raung away into the night.
Youradventure is Over.


There is nothing more for you here.
At he far Eid cfthe banqueting hall, a magrühcenlly carved woodenstaircase, coverd with a ruch claret carpet, leads up toyet ano&uer set of double doors.
Taking a deep breathin an a t tempt to steady your nerves and keep the beastwithin at bay, you ascend the staircase.
At the top youpause befoæ the double doors.
TÄe family crest Of theof Wulfen has been carved acro" them both(Now is your chance to make any final preparationsyou may wish to Ekiore entering highest chamber01 Castle Wulfen_) You throwstride boldly through.
The chunber beyond is of opulmtFine the wans, antiqueA rantian cover üte fla»r, all lit by Light-splitürgcrystal However.
everything has an air Ofneglect about it.
The are faded and dusty.
the rugs "ratåkd and frayed, he chandelkrs dulk•dby grink- Framed by a tall window directly in front ofyou is an onutely carved throne-like in itsmagniticenæ Sitting slouched, leg swinging overthe chair aml, is q)meone you reaæni* from theportrait galleD you through.
A tousled maneof vey hair hangs down to his shoulders.
shot t)-xoughwith A single streak of lustrous black.
He is wearingan unbui oned jackel, exposing ruffled shirt beneath„and black trews with knee-length boots.
manLs darkly handsome, the visible skin of his chest.
armsand hands covered with coarse black hair He L' toyingwith a pewter goblet in hand, and oa his middle
finger you noäce a gold signet as it thelight.
In frmt of Ehe chair lie Ywo huge wolves.
I-kryw aidl you with cold, yeDowFor his part, Yle lord Wulfet watd•z youlanguid interst as 'Eide slowly, yetconfide-ttly, towards him.
'Let me introduce the æys.
'1 amCoult about you-elf I who you are.
• He t.
he air•You are my brother's killer But let thatand friendship.
were remade by my brother.
That practically makesyou family! Your wolfish abilities have served youwell, for you to get this far.
I have high hopes for you.
Bow before me.
Swear fealty to me, and I will showyou all yourInwardly, every of your bang howlsthis is the Arch-Lyc•nthmpe.
the first of the Werewolfbloodline, one whom you seek and whme demisewill free you from yoix vile cur*.
But you cannothelp beng aback.
creature whæ dea&i ycn.
lha ve desired from is oHerü1g you the dunceto pin with him.
And his arrogance nuy have giva-lyou he oppr-ttmiry to world 01malign, curming evil.
Will you the Count,the that you will able to sb•ike hisguard is down {turn to 441), o: will you simply drawyour wepn with no such pretence (tum to 47)?
the bohm of your pxk you a of heu wen ard cl—for 2 (AddAåæntur ShM and regain F"int.
) You maydrink ffe vodh whe.
ever you want, but here areonly tob the (make a note of aswell).
vodka is each Ot retoæ 3But next ym.
arto after dnnk:mg It, you mustyour by i pobtt.
die drink abo forEfieymar couraF for durati&iyou fißit drinkin& may inmu AteckStrength by point.
it H.
me to on your wayagain.
Tum to 500.
354blood is pomt and fatal.
As your bodyslowly into that of a wou you wrackedby crippling 4 STAMINA and 'dd imore CHANGE If *Wivebme-wreching tograph with the ume nurnlyr as the one yml ustto down ymLr Aåt*nturr355Yen.
•ummi and as you try to up avincing the spt.
wrong with yourKmrad blurb You roteven aware of fKt Out you «raufing ywr±oulder wtule to the vilLge leader.
Suddatly.

356-357without even a by-your-leave, Kcxtrad rips oven yourtunic and your wolf-bite for him*ll.
He inhorror and take a step back Surpred by his reactionyou glance sideways at the shoulder woundYou Cannot contain your own appalled cry Of disgustas you see that Lhe skin surrounding the injury is nowbristling with thick black hair.
(Add CHANGE point.
)you know what is going you arebundl«i out of tip inn.
You End out inthe village *luare again, surrounded by avillagers, who arv sæiling for a fight.
Tum to "6.
356You find yourself in a cramped room packed to over-flowing with bookcases, shelves cramrned withlarge lea frer-bound volum5 and rolled*rolls The air smells strongly of moulderingparchrnent and rotting leather.
•there another doorin an adjacent wall between the teetering bookcasesDo you want to leave (he room by thig door, withoutdelaying (tum 10 u), or would you rather linger awhile in the Abbey's archive to what you mightglean from dusty (turn to 401)?357There four tomes which have particularly caughtyour attenhon, but which one would you to spendyour time studying?Tkr Fall # the Hogse ?Evil A H&tÜryTum to 343Tum to
The theGrymm •s -lore #Lupmzü?Turn to 313Tam to• Have it your own way,' the Old says testily.
Taking a stoppered bottle from a shelf, she warms itscontents in a small cauldron over the fire.
She adds abundle 01 dried herbs and tk*n leav« Lhe concu•tionto simmer.
The air inside the cottage iswieh an acrid aruna.
Arx*her half an hour and thepotion is ready.
•I)nnk this: Grandmother movacornmands, shoving a ladleful 01liquid in front your lips.
Holding your youswallow the pot*on in a single gulp.
hoping not tolaste it.
you Iæl no immediate effects.
thepotion will slow the transformation that lytan-thropy is working upn your physical form.
(Subtrxtfrom your CHANGE s.
core) Now turn to359The old woman suddenly dmps to her knees crying.
'Spare me and I can help you defeat the lord Of CastleWulfm, ulhrrute evil power in au of Lupravia.
is why you' hem isn't it Wdl you let the wiRhLive, in hcpe will prove Yue to wordI turn to 183) or wiJl you finish her now, whilehave the charre (turn to 50)?You are halfway courtyard when a siudowy*ectral form materialiß front of you.
Youtwisted, bat-like of hde.

The undying spectre of the Countess Isolde has cometo stop you ever leaving her domain Of darkness andto visit unholy vengeance upon you.
You will have totriumph in one final battle to escape the Lady ofMaun's clutcheVAMPIRE-WRAI'IH8 STAMINA 6If you win but the wounded you.
tum to 397.
Ifyou overcome the Countess' spectral form withoutsustaining any üljury, regain 1 LUCK point and rumto 373-the door you are ass.
ulted by the st6Khguano and a Ipating of wings as the birdsmaking their home in tie ct•amter are byyour sudden arrival.
The rtwm is to the tubhtthrough a large opening Monochrome mo«•-light enters the filthy romt, gleaming dully from the4ua_rp black teaks and obsidian of throng ofhuge ravem have made chamber their home-
Their cracked croaking caws are deaf&ing and thebids are certainly not happy at your intrusion.
How-ever, you can also see sometmng eke glinting in themcordight ur.
ong the feathers and muck covering thefloor.
Do you want to risker&ering the ravens' rmst todaim this • re&ure' (rum to 375) will you læve andquie the thirdfloor too (tum to 7)?Press on through the winding tu•mels.
you finallycome to a Stone süircase that up and out of theAbtæy It is obvio.
ß thatpower had the AbWy of the Blutk andhat the place now rotta.
to core.
At the top ofsteps a leads away kft (turn to44) and right (turn toWnthout knowing how.
you to have deve10Flan unerring o' d_incti-m.
which isby the Oi the fog andgloom.
It IS almcst as can smell your waythrough Otis wilderness.
As you make yourway along spits of dry ground.
managing to steerdear of a-snaring swamps all around you, theeerie sound of a canine wail your ears.
Chehand on the hilt of your sword you press on, hopingto reach the shrine before you meet whatever it is thatmaking that moumful noise.
Turn to 342.

364With the rnetamorphoæd Black Widow dead, yogsearch her chamber.
Roll two dice and add 12.
This isthe total number of Gold Pieces you glean fromfloor of the cave.
You also find a string of pearls, worth6 Gold Pieces, a Silver Crown, wotff 10 Gold Pleces.
and gemstones worth 12 (Äd Piece, Regaln LUCEpoint.
Having fought the Spider•een Ln her lair andwon for a king's ragsom.
wirre will you gofrom here? To leave the .
ider-i.
n.
fstd ave l*twortrow, tum to 33-1.
Lf would metera-pitying the will you leave vuhe turu•lel (tum tomite (ham 4%)?365Takng SiTv« ym.
l inpit, you dßgtstinæ overgrown rna-gä•iryrecoil hum it- •nuis blade Of pure silver hasov« maÆ0t-manAer.
If you to fight themar-ster.
ycw must do with ymar Attadby 1 point.
but any you theCrea ture will cauM it 3 STAMINA poins damage.
rathethan the usual z this informabon in mind.
return to 262 and make another choice.

366You cannot believe it; your purr is missing: (he ofhe gypsies roh•d you.
off all youGold Pia-es and Itse 1 LUCK pant.
Youhave no Idea where the gypsi— have gcme.
thaesign of any tracks leaving the clearing, and so it wouldee a futile waste of time to try to pursue them.
Cursinghe capricious Mortani, you Set off again through the%rest.
feeling thoroughly miserable and dejected.
Turn to 500.
look yul cmdd do widimd recover: the wild-looking priest says.
usheringyou Into the and barring the dixy behind him.
He leads you past an altar to Crucius, placinghe silver Cross upcm it as he dc— so.
and into a*arming You sit down at a stall next to the fireblazing in the hearth there, while priest ladles outa bowl of steaming broth from the cauldrcm bubblingover it.
You gulp down the soup and finish it in no(add 3 STAMINA poinB).
æysrou have eaten.
'what has brought you to heSault Crucius and an erwounter with demonWhat will you teu theyou have bee.
Cu.
ræd withlycanthropy and a cure?Turn to 386That you are on a quest to rid landof evil and kek holy aid?Tum to 404
368You are in a small chamb«, is walls plasteredthe dust-covered shxouds of spiders' Whatevemade hese webs must have been very largeor there weN a great number of them.
As youcautiously across the chamber, you notice twobound bundles.
From tlr look of it, the twoeach cuüa_in a s,lnall, humanoid and you getimpression Of skin and pointed ears.
If youto linger a while longer and the boundturn to 85.
If you would raåær leave Wihwhkh t will you take out of the cave?A tunnel frcrn which a damp breezeblows?A tunnel with an obvic:ns seam ofblack stone?A p addle-floord passageway?39TumTurnTurn toYou tell Grandmother Zekova how Ulrich hadedthe werewolf's paw when you were first ahow it turned into a human hand afterwards, andthe Signet Ring you found the middle finger.
me see it,' the old woman demands, so you take it
md it to annot suppress her gaq ofdread.
Tais the crest of the House of Wulfe1, theruling house of Lupravia,' she her voice*iavering.
'Lupravia is a cursed land and theirs is acursed blt»dLine.
stories surrounding the Wulfenarse many and ten-ible, tales of nightmarishmonsters, people being takal from thei_: homes,murder and madness.
Castle Wulfen lies at thearthest point of Lupravia, in the foohills of the Orsov%untains.
Itis said to a sinister shadow of what it•as in more prospemus Hrr,B- There are stories ofmonsters roaming the of Wulfenstein, theTillage that lies beneaÜ1 the castle, where people liveconstant fear, as the howling of wolves and worsetheir *ts- The wretched people cf that&mned place rarely venture far from home.
talesMad Prince Garoul of the Wulfen family have—ached even as far as these woods.
It is said that heFefers the company Of wild beasts to that Of humanand from what We have witnessed this night Ithat curse On the Wulfen line is the curse ofwerewolf.
It was Gamul who infected you with*anthropy.
E you are to escape curse you musthim down and finish what you started here.
Youmust destroy the head of Were-bloodline beforenext full mom.
'Gandmcther mova has you information thatan do nothing but help you in your quest to cidEurself of die cursed disease you have contracted.
Write the codeword Atxha your Adven'ure Sh«tturn to 124).


%gging back a piece of canvas, you duck inside.
You•ait, your heart racing, lßterång as the owners cf thenices pass by and then disappear, they checkmother part of the camp, It is then that you hear a dry,rapid rattle behind you and the scraping of scales onfloor- k)re can even tum round and pullyour sword from its you feel sornethinghick and muscular slide around your legs and trapyou within its cmstricting coile You are bodily pulledmund to face your assailant.
A lamp burningsmewhere so you can make out the hideousthe creature that has ensnared you.
It is a grotesqueamalgam of make and woman.
nve upper half of herhdy• is human, although tcbilly hatrless, her Enger-long talons and her face nusshapen by ophidaanEitures.
From the waist down she is entirely serpen-rue, and her whole body is covered with mottled*own and scales The monster Exes you withorangceyellow eyes and a forked tongue darts outher l:ps, her of disgust at your intrusicm a*itting hiss.
furiotß snakewoman opens hermouth, her jaw nretch.
ing horrEy wide and exposingbng.
cobra's fangs.
You gasp as the coils tighten aboutwi&t bone—crushing force.
You am going to havefight your way free, and fast.
THESALL 9 STAMINA 9&fore you can tackle your adversary in the usual way,are going to have to free yourself from her eru•h-coils.
Fight battle your Attack Strength
reduced by point, until you manage to winAttack Rounds; after that you Can consider thathave managed to free yourself and will nosuffer this penalty.
However, hasdifferent methods of attack, depending On whldAttack Round it is.
If you lose an Attack Roundthe table 10 what yaRound Attack and Damage34Corstr•ictins coils — Joæ 3 STA MINACobra's kiss — her fmgs deliver abite.
4 STAMINApoints and 1 point.
Tail-lash — a swipe from her tail knocyou off your feet.
Lose 2pints and reduce your AStrength by for the next AttackRound as you straggle 10 standagain.
5 onwards Tearing talcms — 2 srAMINA pointsIf you manage to slay the Snakewoman, turn 10 385.
371Of the three books listed below, which would you liketo spend some more time perusing?Evil and Excess: A History Of the CadreInfernal?Tum totyca'lthrvy: Curse of the Weretmlf? Tum toGrymm 's of Lup.
•avio ?Tum to 3
372-373372As with any Other battle, you have time to usecrossbow once before Varcolac is you.
TestSkit'.
If you succeed, your cn%sbow bolt causes thewerewolf 2 STAMINA points of damage, unless it isäpped with silver.
in which case it will 3 pointsof damage.
When you come to fight the Arch-Lycanthrope, adjust the monster's STAMINA scorexcordingly, if you wound him with a aossbow bolt.
Turn to373As you pass beneath the gatehouse and leave theenvirons of the Tower of Maun you immediately feeloppressive atmosphere lift, You shelter for thenight in the lea of a huge, mossy boulder and the nextday you set off again.
circumnavigating the villageSefore joining the road leading north, Turn to 350.

374-373374There a loud Crack! as he pistol A split *cordlater you gasp in pain as the bullet hits you (loseSTAMINA p&nts)! How can ghosdy b•llets injure aLiving being wonder, looking down a: theof ectoplasm on your leather tunic where 'hestruck.
feehng a numbing, ice cold sensation inchest.
You are dragged back from your musings by ishout of, 'Have at you!' from the phantom Highwaman.
Turn tc 501.
You not halfway aauss the when the bir&lift off from lheir perches and at you, tying bpeck out eyes and X'ralch your face wiüt the'hard black talons.
You are forced to defend yourself.
UNKINDNESOFRAVEhS SULL7If you defeat the birds you can take it that th«sestill alive return to their perches but continue to cavaharshly at you as you rummage üvough the fibcovering the floor (add i 10 your ALARM scoreVAmang the detritus you find a total of 10 Golda Silver locket on a chain, and mostcertingly Of all, the skeletm Of a man picked Clean bythe murderous birds- If you want to Open theturn to 394.
If not, you may take the locket and GoldPieces with you (adding them to the Equipmenton your Adænt ure Skeet) before leaving the foulaTurn to 7.

376-378Tne force of the bullet striking you feels like beingdubbed a sledgehammer and you reel back•wards.
Pain burns through your shoulder like moltenquicksilver.
You have never known a sensation like itand howl in agony in resporwe- The bullet now lodgedyour shoulder was fashioned from silver, a metalwhich is inimical to your lycanthropy-cursed kind,and will have a permanent debilitating effect yourbody.
4 STAMINA points, 1 SKnx point and 1LUCK pcint.
) Driven by pain-induced rage and aFurious for vengeance against your aggressiveassailant you meet the man in cunt»t.
Turn to 398.
377The blacksmith howls as you strike him, clutching hisr.
ght forearm where you have him (lose 1LUCK pomt).
Then you another dreadful howlfrom beside you and claws at you withrapidly extending talons.
[Ose 2 STAMINA points andto 62.
378One of the gypsies has left you a present.
Insideyour pack you find a Moonstone Amulet.
If you wantkeep the treasure, you put ii on around yourneck.
Bewildered by the whimsical behaviour of themysterious Mor!ani, you go your way againIhrcugh the forest.
Tum to 500.

379-380379no hear you say that fills me with renewed hope,' VanRichten declares.
(Add 1 Luck point.
) 'There is some-thing else I must yet do, so for now our pathspart.
bat 100k for me again tornorrow night athouse of Doktor Kafta the surgeon.
in Maun.
We muqgo about our work as our enemies do, under coverdarkness, but at oar next meeting I shall reveal anconcerning mutual quest.
As a sign of rny faith inyou I give you this,' the Vampire Hunter says, handingyou his Flintlock Pis tol and a lea ther pouch containingsix round Silver Bullets.
Add these items 20Adventure Sheet.
along with the codeword Nethcir.
Ofyou want to find out more about how to use theFlintlock Pistol, you may turn to paragraph 400 at anytime, making a note oi the paragraph you ate on at thetime first.
) 'I-Jntil tomorrow night,' Van Richtenby way of farewell, and then he is gone.
You spend Lherest of the night in fitful sleep, When you wake inmorrung to a dull grey misty dawn.
you get off withot.
dfurther delay.
Turn to 250.
380With whinnying shrieE of terror, the horses attemptto leap the gap in the broken bridge.
But they amfatigued after their frantic chase through the forest.
Their hooves Clatter against the opposite edge Of thebridge but cannot find purchase, and pull«l down bythe weight Of the coach behind them, the horzplunge after it bito the gaping chasm.
You and Katyafollow, plummeting 10 your deaths on the jaggedrocks far below.
Your adventure ends here.

381—382'What do you think you are doing?' screarns first,as you offer the bride Lhe silver object.
Then, with asnarl, she leaps at you, biting your wrist and rnakingyou drop your proffered gift.
2 STAMINA pointsand SKILL poültand turn to 306.
'so, am I cured?' you ask the wmme,d wisewornan.
'Have you rid me of the curse of the werewolf?'Grandmother Zekova can answer, a chilling howl cutsthrough the night.
it came from outside the wttage.
'Spirits preserve us!' she gasps, clutching the necklaceof charms amund her throat.
"I-herre back!' Ulrichhumes to double-check that the irm-bound oak dooris æcure.
The howl is joiræd by Other lupine voices, comingfrom all around the cottage.
wolves haveGrandmother Zekova's cottage surrounded.
There is
a sudden, and totally unexpected rap at the door.
which makes old woman start and Ulrich tightenhis grip on the axe.
And then coms the voice that youwill never forget as long as you Live: 'Little pip.
littlepigs, let me come in.
''Begone, night creature!' movascreams.
Fcy a moment the only %'und is the snufflingof crea turEf p mw ling the Of the cottage.
Therelative peace is violently bmk01 bybeaång on the dr»r.
'Let me in.
you wretched swine!' t.
tw malevolent —refirwd — mavuline voice con tülues.
'My brothers andI wish to dine with you.
And if you won't kt us in.
t'l]huff and I'll puff and I'll break my way unkenman's *Team of rage to transform into anunearthly howl.
wolf pack take up cry, anddeep inside you, "'mething strains to Wwer theircall.
Roll two dice if the total rolled is 0t
383+59ual to, your current CHANCE tum to 416.
If itgreater, turn to 37.
Before you know what's going on, a la_rge flat stone infie centre of the cave floor — which you hadn't noticedEel Cre — flips back Eke a trapdoor and a huge, arachnidwith filthy, matted brown fur leaps of the hole andgabs hold of you with powerfu.
] limbs.
Before youan fight your way free, the giant spider scratchesyour skin wi&l the tips of its venomous fangs 2ST A utNA points).
And then you are fræ, sword drawn,ready to fight back.
GIANT TRAPIX)ORSPIDERr you slay the spider.
you for a way Out (turn toOf the following from Verpticus' librarywould you like to SFt-,d some time over?rhe Fall of'he House ?Lycanthropy.
The Curse cf Were—aolf?385Turn to 343Turn to 313Turn to 301*ukewoman lies dead at your feet, herreptilian blood soaking Lato tie packed earth ofdoor.
(Regain 1 LUCK point for prevailing in such adallenging fight and add the codeword Reilik to your.
4dcenture Sheet.
) You are certain that one of the circus
386folk must have heard you s?ruggJing with thewoman so, whatever you decide to do ræxt, you mugact quickly.
WII you leave he tent and fleeCarnivale immedia Eely (tam to 29), or do you want*arch the tent first (tum towild priest jumps up from his seat-creature of evil!' he exclaims.
rushing back to theand taking up the silver cross once more' 'So thathow you could dominate 2he Shuck.
You and the de'idog are kindred spirits!' He spits the words Out as ithey are poison.
'Begone, and never darken my dmagain!' With that he thrusts the at you, whuastarts to glow wtth holy light.
You feel its poweryou would naked flame against your Skin; it buraand you feel repelled by it' You cannot bear tohere any longer.
Giving voice to your own howl dagony you run from Ehe chapel.
The priest'shas taken a physical toll on you as well.
LogSTAMINA points and t.
VCx point, adding toCHANGE score,
You spend the rest of the niWü urder the stars andcome the morning, by dawn's wan light, descendfrom the rolling moors to the vALiey-lying ættlementsb the east.
As you do so you catch sight of a flock ofblackbirds circling in the sky over a spot half amik away to the north.
Such behaviour suggests thebirds have found something In eus wild plæe.
Do youwant to take a diversion north, to we what you mightfound there (turn to 243), or wdl you continue east,back to the road (turn 9)?Werewarg the end of your sword agrisly moan.
You leap down from your toKatya's aid — but you are too late.
were—hunter'sopponent lies dead in the dirt, Katya Of the CrimsonOoak lying next to iB stinking Blood poursfrom terrible lacerations all over her body and as hereyelids flicker open you already know that she is notwing survive her wounds.
'l know I'm not muchbnger for this world,' she splutters, gargling •cm herown blood, 'but don't let my death be in vain.
There isinsidious evil rooted in this place, one that hasits malicious influence throughout allLupravia.
Root it out.
put an end fo it — Lupravia60m the curse Of the And then IS&fore you with your qußt alone, you mayOke Katya's crossbow, If you wish.
She also still hassilver-tipped to use with It.
Having casta bnef prayer for Katya's departed soul, towhatever godsmight still betistening to one as taintedz yourælf, you alter C&de Wulfen 11.
1m to 510.


Ailhough your consci0LB mind you here isnothing tc fear, and that only yon can free theDaughters from their direful predicament, as theysurround you with their spitalling dance your sub-mnscious screams that something is deeply wrong.
The warnings of your subconscious mind are foostrong to resist and you your sword, deepthe surface Of the pool.
You out atmysterious maidens, who break off their singing andåuriek like banshees, darting away into the evendarker depths of the POOL As awarenes returns yourealise that your lungs are buming, desperate for youto take a hrpa th of fresh air.
Instinctively you kick out,m an effort to reach the surface, as a cold, scaly handdoses around your ankle.
You 100k dowm and Yomthe gmen gloom of the depthless pool a horrific visagerises.
appears to be semi-hunfanoid and female andyet at the same Erne it reminds you Of sinister,Maggle-toouted water-dweller.
me woman's bulgingglaßy eyes are 01 a trout while her gaping mawfilled w ith needle-sharp pike's teeth.
You havecomeQce-to•face with the true elemental power of theDrowning Pool, Ehe Water-Wyrd.
With your Swordalready fme of its scabbard you fight to free yourselffrom the fish-woman's clutchß.
WATER-WYRDu you defeat your opponent in fewer Attack Roundsthan your current SKILL score, turn to 347.
If not, youwill drovvn before you can ever escape the coldanbrace of the predatory Water-Wyrd.

389—391389Unaware that you doing it, you findgrowling back at the creature.
Although you shodyourself, you shock Ehe demonic dog even more,a'wers E*foæ you, that it hasface-to-face with a creature more terrible thanthe initiative you the lwJ--hound wih:your sword before if can regain iB compwure.
NOWturn to IS where you will fight the cruel caninebefore doing so you may reduce its SKILL score bypoint and its STAMINA by 2 points.
And then, at last.
you find at gao' Castle Wulfu•.
, ancestral home of the lordsLupravia.
Your Iwightened animal canthe reek of the place.
and youthat you have found the lair of the lycanthropehave bæn hunting, ever since the black Wolfyou with its unholy affliction.
It is as if somethingcalling to the wolf inside you.
summoning it home.
You pass beneath the barbican, through the opencastle gates, and into the lair Of the beast.
Turn to 510.
•Look for me gain tomorrow night at the houseChktor Kafka.
' were Van words to you,now that you have rached Maun, you haveopporhm_ity to meet wlth Vampire Hunter againand find more about the clandætine quest
poke Of in hushed whispers at your last meeting.
DOyou want to for Ole of his Doktor Kam,••id•t the intelhon of meeä.
ng with Van Richten again*urn to 412), or, if you cmsider your own undertakingof imporÄ•.
ce.
do you Want to pasHuough Maun and contirup F.
r way (tum toClambering over a fence, you begin to cross.
agmire that the pasture has become.
Through the heavy rain, and under an overcut skyhat spreads its pall across the barren landscape likehe dusky mantle of night you find it hard todiscem shaF Other side Of Lhe field.
Tie going is hard, the thick mud suck_irw at yourhots.
You are halfway when you a gruffmortinb and clanking of an iron 1*11, and tum into see a monseous bovine creature gal!opingthe field towards you, splashing through themud.
You would have snid it Was a were it notthe branching, antlet-like horns, claw-split hooves•d savage pmtrudlng frorn bet-w•æn ulceratedips But whatever it is, you have to fight it.
BOVINE BEASrSRIU8 STAMINA 9you fight the cow-aeature you fird tik suckhlgmud harnværs your movemmts.
you have theQuickening ability or Unnatural youmust reduce your Atta& %engu-' by 1 point foraaraåonof this battle.
If you wül, turn to 420.

Igor's s«ord blow urbalanc— you and youbackwards tre stairs to land in an uncon*icnsheap at the bottom.
an additional 2 STpoins and turn to 476.
Pop#ng Open the locket you find yourself gupon the miniature portrait of a striking, ptahaired young woman.
It is so realishc you havethe skill 01 the artist who painted it.
Lnunable to tear your eyes away from the haunti.
rvbeauty portrayed •there, you begin to feel as ifwoman is back at you.
(Add 1 to your Aand nuke a note Of codeword Dehcta•wyour .
&iænture Shed) Uru•terved, you hurl theout through the arched window and run fromravens' ro(.
Bt.
to 7.
As dusk falb you leave the inn with Konradreturn to the village square, where a grouphas gathemd.
They are armed with everything frombows and arrows to ax— and short swords,pitchforks — anything they could lay their handsIhe peq'le of Strigoiva have been terrorised by thQectral assailants for long enough.
Tonight theygoing to fiølt back and lay their demons to restand for all-Wmen au Konrad leads the brave Saigoivtowards die souülem edge of the village.
Ashunters file out Of tre sqt.
nre they dip their weap
into the water ht has in a stone bowloutside a shingle-clad building wiff a tanushed goldmåon dome for a roof.
nie people mutter to them-and make curious gstu1E hands asthey do so.
evul splash thunselves thewater- Soon it is you who is passing bowl.
As youdo so, dc you want to mimic the villagers by dippingtip of your swcfd in the water (tum to 407), by*ashing some of the water on your face (turn to 437),or you do neither and simply follow othemOf the village (turn to M)?A loud crack fmm above you spurs you On along theand tha-t, a sharp snap, a rocky spearbleaks free Of the tunnel ceiling.
The heavy stalactitedrops as the monstmus spiderwoman her-The stone spear crushes the morster•sdistorted skull, killing it irstantly.
(Regain LUCKpint.
) If you want to return to the cave to earch thechamber, turn to 364.
If not, tum to 122.

Roll dtce.
If you roll Cle &illing, ghostouch of the Varnpiress' wraith has also drained fpoint from you.
If you roll a 5 or 6, youfortunately avoided this extra damage.
Turn 10373.
398who would dare Vul RichtÄLVampire Hunter extraordinaire and champion oflight, will meet their end in righteous battle.
So doAs is often the way, steel will *t-tkyour with the paranoid Vampire Huntonce and for all.
VAEQIR.
E HUNTERSKILL 10 STAMINAyou triumph in your Struggle against the VampiHunter.
turn to 182.
Count Varcolac's werewolf corpse twitche, as ystand there panting for breath.
your h uman arapidly being taken over by the feral irstincts nowcontrolling your changed body.
The SPand falls ump again, as choking black smoke begins topour Of the Arch-Lycanthropp's slack maw.
smoke takes on the form of a savage wolf-creature.
eyes glowing red.
Tie insubstantial demonic forrnrushes into your own gaping mouth.
•The Iasi thoughtithat passes through your barely dissolving conscious-nws is the reali9tim that demon has found a new.
stronger through which to maintain its cruelgrasp this cursed land.
As the new Jord of Wulfen
Castle.
you will continue to the populace ofLupravia beneath the yoke Of oppression, as mon-strous as the last.
Your adventure is over.
To use your Flintlock Pistol against an opponentkefote engaging in conventional combat you firsthave to work out whether you have the initiative touse the following rules.
If your Opponent has a you,they aro too quick for you and you yourpistol in time.
Conduct the battle as normal.
If yourSKILL scorßa_re the ymme you are able to get off oneshot.
If your SKILL score is greater, go to 2.
2- Subtract your opponent's SKILL score from yourSKILL This is how many shoe you have timeto fire before your opponent is on you, as longyou have enough bullets.

3.
For each shot Test your Skill.
If you are successfulyou wound your opponent, go to 4.
If you faif, yourshot misses, go to 5.
4.
Roll one dice you roll a 6, go to 7.
If you roll 1—5.
go to 5.
5.
Conventional bullets will cause 2 STAMINA pointsof darnage.
Silver Bullets urill cause Were-creatures3 STAMINA points of damage and ali other oppcpnents 2 STAMINA points.
However, Silver Bulletswill also injure Undead and Demons.
6.
If you still have more shots to fire (and you wantto) go to 3.
If not you must engage your opponentin hand-to-hand combat,7.
You have made a kill shot.
Your opponent is dead!Continue as you would if you won the ba tile hand-to-hand.
Now return to where you have just come from.
Among all the others, you find one scroll that tells ofthe life of one Saint Crucius.
In centuriew past hecarried out his holy work throughout the pmvl.
nces cfMauristatia, purring right countless wrongs andbanishing the servants Of Evil.
The scroll claims thatsuch was his righteous influence that calling upon hisname, even to this day, can physically harm corruptcreatures.
Your perusal of archive is interrupted by a curiousmunching sound and guddenly one bookcase collatses under the weigh E of the creatures feasting on the
parchments stored there.
Unpleasant, grey, Six-foot-long bodies rippling repulsively, the giant bookwornssniff you out and move hungrily towards you.
Fightthem one at a H_me.
First VERWS LIBRISSecond VERMIS LIBRIS7876Lf you kill the bookworms, you are able to leave thearchive thmugh the other Turn to402Close by is the snakewoman•s cage, the barred gatehanging Open.
has careless.
Inside thecage you are surprised to find, among the moulderingstraw, a bundle cf oilskins.
Unwrapping it you areeven more surprised find a gleaming Silver Daggerwith a razomharp edge.
What would a freakshowmutant be doing with such a finely crafted item?If you want to take the Silver Dagger, add it to yourEquipment List.
You may also the dagger incombat if you wish but because it is not as long asyour sword, nor balanced in the same way, if you doso you must figh: with your Attack Strength reducedby point.
However, injurie you any creaturewith the word •Were' in its name will suffer increaseddamage (3 STAMINA poinB rather than the usual z) asthe pure metal is inimical 10 their cursed kind.
neSilver Dagger will harm Undead creatures but inthis case Will (RIIy cause the usual 2 STAMINA points cfdamage.

There is nothing else unmg the Snakewoman'spossesions that is of interest to you so you leaveten t.
Will you also leave the Car-rivale at this jurcture(turn to 29), or will you explore further (tum to 281)?Wi thh umblinghones$ you relateyouy own wretchdstory to Vereticus who listens with growingVVhen you have finished.
it is the scholar's turn bspeak, and his response surprises you.
'l can help yowand I want to I-ælp you.
even though I cannot help myown son,' he Says earnestly, scratching the Wolf-Weæbehind the ears as he a pet hunting dog.
look at Wolf-Were again with new eyes.
Can thetransformed creature really be the man's son?w ith me and I will explain everything,' Vereticusas if reading your mind, and leads you insidehouse.
'I have made the study of lycan±tropy my life•swork,' Vereticus explains as he you intoextensive private library, •along with that Of myt,vsand legends of Lupravia, in an attempt to find a cure
this terrible affliction.
' The mahogany-panelledmom is filled with books.
have learned much, butI have begun to realise how much more thereis yet to discover about his malign ondition.
Forone thing, the most common strain of the disease inexistence, in Lupravia, cannot be cured by the usualmeans: eating spngs of p&sonous belladonna andsuchlike.
But then I suspect you have found that muchfor already.
' You nod, confirming theMholar•s assumphon.
'he two of you then get tohiking about your own experiences of the disease andhe lens you the Sony tale Of how his son carne to bewas thirteen years Old.
I had sent him out into thek'rest to collect toadstools and other fungi for me toetalo-gue but he much de+er into theheartwoods than i had anticipated and still outafter dark He was on his way home when he wasattacked.
I had set oat to look for him, when he didnot return at sunset, and heard his cries, along withthe savage snarls Of A wolf.
I drove the creature Offwith cornpound of saver nitrate and can•ied Lhe boyhome.
I cleaned and dressed his wounds with all thecare a father could give his child but, although heappeared to recover from the attack, at the next fullmoon the truth was revealed to me when he trans-formed into the creature you see here for yourself.
Heis neither thing the Other, trapped in this Wolf-Were form.
I have been searching for a cure everTiow long agc was that?' you ask.

Ten years,' the scholar replies, a sorrowful farawaylook in his eyes.
'But this is not helping you.
There isan elixir I can prepare for you, but i' will take a littlewhile.
While you are waiting, why don't you availyourself of the information contained within mylibrary ? Kno•,.
ledge is power after all.
'Vercticus bustles out of the room to prepare his elixir.
leaving you to your own devices.
The wealth ofknow•ledge stored in this room is phenomenal and wouldrival that of some temples Of Hamaskis.
Perusing thespines of the books on the shelves several attract yourattention in particular.
If you have written down thecodeword turn tc 384.
If you have writtendown the codeword Dloterof, turn to 371.
Ii you haveboth of the codewords recorded, turn to 357.
If youneither, which Of the following tomes would you liketo spend tirne reading?Lycanthropy: The Curse Of the Werewolf? Turn to 313Folk-lore Of Lupravia?Turn to 301404'ls that right?' the priest says, his tone alrncst chal-lenging.
'But whal kind of warrior would willinglybrave the perils Of Fenmoor and then prevail?' Hereaches out a hand towards you and closes his eyes, asif trying Sense the aura Of power around you.
priest's eyebrows krüt in consternation.
'I sense something of the darkness about you,' he Says.
'IS it fromconsorting with the evil ones you fight against, or is itsornething else?' Roll two dice.
If the total rolled is less
405than your CHANGE score, tum Lo If the Lotal isequal to or greater than your CHANGE score, tumto 425.
405You find yourself in a web-draped passageway.
YWcannot hcve to proceed without breaking many Oftheir sticky strands.
The huge webs are home to amulti rude of blood-red spiders, each no bigger than aman's fist.
The arachnids immediately home in onyou, drawn to the heat of your body in the cold cave.
As you fight your way through the hangings webs,the spiders swarm all over you, seeking out bare fleshinto which they can sink their bloodsucking futgs.
The vampiric spiders are to light with yourweapon.
ALI you can do is hurry through the web-strung passageway, desperately trying to brash themfrom you and crush their blood-bloated bodiesbeneath you heels.
Roll one dice and add this is thetotal number of STAMINA points you have to lose.
(Lffive or more spiders bite you, add point to yoarCHANCE scon: as well.
) If you survive this vampiricencounter, you find yourself at anothc•riunction LnClaus trophobic spider tunnels.
Will you now follow:The stalagmite filled tunnel?The tunnel covered with algae?A tunnel with its walls running withwater?A sub ter•ranean tunnel leading underone wall?Turn to 442'lurn toTurn toTurn to '33

The passageway leads to an open archway which, inturn, leads into a char-el house.
Human skulls fill rowupon row of niches in the walls, while skeletal angelsof death gam down from chiselled roofbosses.
Severalraised stone slabs in the of the chamber bear thedecomposing bodiei of black-robed monks, But lhereis one of the living among the dead.
With a cockoachhiss, a monk rises, turning from corpse over w hichit was hunched — and that you can see now see that i twas eating! The monk's heavy cowl falls back to reveala head misåapen by savage, beetle-like mandib les andgrotesquely bulging compound fly's eyes- Appalledby the horrific appearance of Ehe abomination youstare aghast as two extra pairs of black, chitin-armoured legs unfold from beneath the mutatedmonk's habit.
Jaws and limbs clicking repulsively, hehybrid scampers towards you, closing in for the kill.
COCQOACHMONKSKILL 8 STAMINA 8If you manage to slay this grotesque abomination, youflee the morbid charnel house.
Your mind a wh.
irl withquestions that you wonder ifyou would dare to knowthe answers to, you go back the way you came alongthe passage.
Turn 44.
You plunge the blade of your weapon into ete icywa ter but are unaware of any effect it might have hadWill you now splash some of the water on your face(turn to 437) or will you just follow Konrad and theother villagers (tum 10497)?
408—4408A short corridor leads off from the staircase on thislevel, ending at a narrow wooden which bearsthe Image of a chalice- the door you findyourself inside a large, torch-lit chapel.
A pillarednave leads up to a cloth-draped altar which standsa golden chalice set with glittering precious stonesThe flickering flames of rush-lights reflect from anumber of exquisitely painted stained-glas windowsThe most magnificent Of these is set in an alcovedrecess above the altar and shows a knight In fullarmour kneeling in penance before a white-robedpriest.
The holds his sword out before him likea cross.
The chapel appears to be a place of peace andyou can see no obvious dangers You appmach thealtar and take 100k at the contenb Of the chalice: itappeary to contain nothing more than water.
If youwant to drink from the chalice, turn to 424.
If not youmust leave the chapel and ascend, or descend,staircase to another part Of the tower (turn to 7).
And then, with a hollering cry, the crazed man bargespast you and out into {he night.
Before you can followhim Ulrich is suddenly there beside you, slammingthe door to cottage shut again and bolting itSecurely from the inside.
You both immediately turnyour attention the Old woman lymg motionless onthe floor.
your Luck.
If you are Lucky, to 299If you are Unlucky, turn to 32.

You narrowly avoid fading into cme of the many wolf-traps riddle thee woods but as you start to makey our way back to join the main party again, you corneface-to-face with one of the hunters' dogs.
The wolf-hound is as big as the wolv+ it has been bredand its canine senæs tells it that there is something ofthe wolf abotlt you.
Snarling.
it bars its teeth andleaps at you.
ready to tear ou your throat.
If you havethe Cail of the Wild special ability you are able to terTiö'the dog so much that it rum yelping back to its master,tail between its legs (turn to 151)- If not, you aregoing to have to fight it.
WOLFHOUNDSKILL 7 STAMINA 6Lf you kill the dob you able to return to the safetyof the rest of the hunting party as tbæy are preparingto return to Vargerhof before mocru•ise (turn to 151).
You plunge your sword into the rogue's chest.
rißitup to he hilt.
The Highwayman's head lets out a shrilldeath-cry, its eyes rolling up into its head.
Pullingyour sword free, you stagger back from the rider asthe horse snorts and stamps the ground with itsglowing hooves.
But the horseman's wailing cry doesnot stop but turns into a grotesque, gurgling cackieonce more.
His dead eyes fix on you again and youthe in your veins turn to ice-water.
•OhWhat a shame,' he says with mock regret, 'it wouldappear that I am already dead, and you cannot killthat which is not alive!' (L.
cwe 1 LUCK point.
) would
suggst you run.
I'll give you a start.
' theHighwayman laughs.
a mommit's h*iäEon.
you sprmt 'or the safety of inn.
You uuephantom horse'S hooves on the road behind you againbut then you are at the door to the stone-built coachinginn and suddenly both rider and steed are gone, likemist on the night-breeze.
The echo of maniacallaughter lingers for a moment and then that isTurn to 6.
Maun is nota large and it doe not take you longto find whal you are looking for.
Down a narrow sidestreet of Ehe village square is a stone building bearinga bras plaque, on which has been etched •Doktor— Having knocked at the door, youhave to wait so that you are about to turn awaywhen it suddenly opens a crack.
You find your*lflooking down at the bespectacled and heavily linedface of a stooped old man.
His pate is bald, what littlehair he has left white, winpy and wild.
What do youwant?' he asks in a gruff, curmudgeonly tone.
'Ifyou've cut yourself wiåi sword of yours, I'm notinter•ted,' careful to keep your voice down.
you mutter that you have come to with VanAt Of the Vampire Hunter'sthe surgeon's eye narrow suspidously Is that right?'he challenges.
'But how do know if you are truly afriend simply an agent Of Old Night? If you reallyhave arranged to meet with such a man, at this placeand this hour, tell me, wiuch Order was he a memberof?' If you think you k10W the answer to L)oEtor
Kafka's qußtim.
for into a number using the code A—I, .
Z=26, totalling the individual numbers of åe letters,and turn to the paragraph which is åe sarne asthat total.
If the paragraph ycnl turn to makes noor if you have no Idea what tyæ answer is, robing youcan will persuade the old man of your goodand you have no choice Other thm tothrouøx EGun withm.
t meeting VampirHunter again (tum to 350).
413Walking through the village, the zombie-slxksad of its populace, your honourableadventurer's nature wish— there was youdo to help.
But is the cana blac:ksrnith working at lis and adoing his roun&.
want to to the black-smith (turn to prist (turn 17).
Or wouldyou rather prBS on Leave Maun (tum to 350)?414Taking a dæp breatl you submerge again and swimback down to the treasure-strewn depths.
&meathyou, by T*micious water-wed.
am theskeletal Mnaixu Of Water-Wyrd's previousvictims Churrung up the silty bed of the pml yourecover what you can.
Roll one dicy and add 6.
Tus isthe ! Otal number Of Gold Pieces you manage to collectYour lungs aching.
you real-I* that it is eme to returnto the surface.
Tet your Luck.
If you are Lucky, turn to499.
If you am Unlucky, rum to
415Clambering over Ele spurs of broken stalagmites, youemerge from cave tunnel into a wider cavern theSight Of which takes your breaå away.
Stalactit—stalagmites formed over thoumnds of years fill thecave like a forest.
In place etey evml join to formnatural cohmus of stone.
Ihe miræraJdeposib in the ru:k formatiM•w haveN a tum's «ulptu.
.
a myriad of colours, fromgrem and acid yellow, thmugh bronzy andburnt umbers, to vermillion, crim son and black.
Thereare even shades of cyan and purple, and to thütk that,until now, such beauty has been hidden in totaldarkness.
As you gaze in wonder at the forest of stone,at the periphery Of you* vision you glimpse move-ment.
you, Frched naturallimestone buttrwæ•s and spire, is a gigantic spiderwith a black body and long spindlyHeld by talons at the end Of its legs is a finelyweb.
You realise What the spider intends to do when,with a nick of its feet, the arachnid releases its silk net.
Test yo Skill.
lfyo succeed, you evade the TanglewebSpider •s trap and draw your sword, nady to defendyourself.
If you fail, you become ensnared by uleresilient web-net.
In the battle to come it will take youAttack Rounds to cut yourself fromspider's cast web, during which time you willable to injure tir Tangleweb.
although the spider willbe able to injure you.
TANCLFWEBSPIDERSKILL 9 STAMINA 7If you manage to kill the web-spinner you continue
way the cavern Of wonder and choose away out.
Will you take:he narrow turmel?Tum to 14rne heavily cobwebbed pasageway? Tum to 9The wide deft in the ræk an01 blueTurnin tone of man's voice to theprimal aeature that is awakening within you.
Unableto stop yourseLI.
and before Ulrich the Old womanrealise what you are doing, as if in a trance you walkover to the threshold, draw back bolts, and RingOpen lhe door.
Standing in the dwrway is a wild-lwking only a shirt and torn briehesHO black.
lousl«l hanæ down hislike a mane.
Behind him you thecircling in the man fixes you with apiercing red-eyed sure and a hungry Smile Spreadsacross his bloodstained lips, revealing pmtrudingcanine you catch sight Of the stump wherethe man's left hand should be.
lhe shock of realisabonsnaps you out of your trance-like state and you justmanage to draw your sword before the lunahc leapsat you, trying Claw with dirt-encnsted.
ukm-hke Of his ranaining rightLUNATIC7 STAMINA 9As you fight the crazed lunatic eveshold tocottage, neither Ulrich nor the old woman can doanything to help, so you have to face the madman
417—418alone.
After three A Etac_k Rounds, Or if you reduce themadman's STAMINA to 6 Or less, whichever comöfirst, turn at once to 457_Just for a *cond — just the briefest morrwlt — the winside gets the better of you.
You only regain contrdof your body again once the scholar is lying dead atyour feet.
What have you done? And what is becomingof you 7 You begin to wonder if it is inevitable thatyouwill succumb to the of the werewolf.
(Losemore LUCK point.
) Howling in tortured anguish youflee from the scene of your brutal crime and doslop running until you are dæp in the embnce 0tdarkening fore? again- Turn to 46.
418tell you what you are,' the diminutive CarnivMaster spits, his voice dripping with venom- 'You' re aEller! You murdered one of our own and Carnivak•demands retribution.
' You are
419—421another part Of Ete tent wh•eæ rotating bcnrd thatforms part of a knife-thrower's act stands.
Yousb-uggle vainly as the Master •s manacle youto board.
'Then someme sets it Qinning ard tlæknife-thrower steps up.
He is a dead-shot duringhis act can miss his asistant by only a hair's breadth.
Tonight, however, he chwses not to mis_ Carnivakjus decrees it! Your over.
Then 1 fæl that this is where paths mut partagain,' Van Ric.
htu•t obviously arnoy•eddisappointed, and stalks off again into the right.
Youfeel that perhaps you have made an erorofiudgementin letting the Vampire Hunter down, giving in to thedarker side Of penonahty, which is becomingstronger all the time.
(Losæ 1 LUCK pcint and add 1 toyour CHANGE score.
) You the of the night infitful sleep, and in gæy haæ of moming areyour way again.
Tum to 250.
Eventually you mak it to the main cunpound aldenter the farmyazd.
Two buildu.
of note stand here.
the farmhouse itself and a large, shingl€Eroofed bam.
Where you shelter from downpour:farmhouse (tum to 324) or bam (turn to 215)?Ilie corridor aids at a door of moulderingplanks, which opens into a quare room reking ofdamp.
Strings ot fibroLB plant growü" hang fryn the
ceiling.
floor Of the dank chamber is covered wi&'all manner of fungi.
Large yellow puffballs wagainst broad-capped white toadstools and buzgrey mushrooms.
There is not a square inch Of floorthat is not covered.
On the other side of the room isanother door.
To get to it you are going to have to crosacross the carpet Of fungi.
MI you:Run acmss the chamber?Tum toCreep carefully across the fungus mom? Tum to 46tReturn to the last junction and go theother way?Turn toWlül cries o', Mathter' Madder!' the Hunchbackaway up a flight of stairs to the top Oftower.
You h10W now there is somethingafoot here and you waste no time in pursuing 'gotYou arrive (N t of breath in what an onlyas a mad riditÉt's laboratory, space at the lopthe Lower crammed full of all manner of curiouspieces or Nuipment and mechanical contraptionsThere are spinning globß that crackle with the staticcharge of the storm raging outside and glass-casedgauges, the needles within them quivering arounddanger line.
Thick bundles Of copper wire descendfrom the topmost part of the windmill and connect anthe various pieces of equipment to a tilted metal tableon which r•ests one of the most bizarre and monstroxthings you have ever seen.
It is at least half the heigMagain cf a man and as broad across.
It appeasto made from slabs of dead grey flesh crudely sewn
together and yet, in places, misÄng organic parts havebeen replaæd with mechanical apparatus, Aroundugly head isa band of metal secured with anumberofunslA'tle bolts.
Standing next to a ban.
k of steel leversa tall man weanng a long, once-white lab-coat, hiseyes hidden behind diick-lensed goggles.
Coweringbeh.
ind hdtn is the hunchback.
'Welcome,' ute mansays, the excited tone of his voice suggegüng to youthat he vs totally unhinged.
"You are here just in timeto wtmess the creaåon of a new form of life!' Thunderrous onunously acrcx the sky and lightning flashesaround the top of the windmill, as if having waitedfor Üle most dramatic mommt to do Before youcan do anything to stop him, the saenhstthrows a lever just as lightning strikß the top of thetower TSI Luck.
If you are Lucky, turn120.
If you are (hlucky, tum to 454.
423In tie of the Arch-Lycanthrope himself, youare unable to contain beast within you any longer-You give voice to agonising howl as yourmntorts — bons reshaping, muxlß and intemalorgans realigning, ü•me furry hide of eve wolf rippingthrough your skin - until you are no longer humanbut instead utterly animal.
Count Varcolac offers hishand and, rather than bite it, you lick it with yourrough wolf's tongue payingyour new master homage.
Tat's right,' he purrs, •you are mine now, my pet.
'Totally under the Count's control you will join hispack and run with the other wolves, when the moonfi•ll, pmying on the weak.
Your adventure IS over.


You sniff the liqaid but can SEII find nohing to suggestthat it is anything water and youswallow a large mouthful.
Starting in your stomach, awarm prickling sensation spreads throughout yourbody.
You can feel it levitalising you as it spreads tothe tips of your fingers and the very roos the hazon your head.
You have just drunk an Elixir of Life.
Restore your "AMINA.
SKILL and LUCK scores toInitiaj levels! The elixir also does something to combatyour steadily worserung lycanthropy, reduce yourCHANCE score by 2 potnts.
reinvigorated andready to face anything.
you turn from the altar andstart walking dovvn he aisle.
But rewards such asthose tha t you have received come at a price in thelair Of one Of the aristocracy Of the night.
The first warning you have that anything is wn:mgwhen a shuddering vibration fills chapel, whichputs painful pressure on your eardrums.
The panes Ofthe stained-glass windows rattling behind you,turn to see the knight's window coming apart at itsleaded seams — only now it shows the warrior, siaru:l-ing over the body Of the slain priest, sword bloodied.
You watch as the pain!ed segments making up theknight pull free of the window and descend in front ofyou, maintaining the shape of the priest's murderer inthe air in front Of you.
The corruption hasroot within the Tower Of Maun has deæcratedthis once sanctified refuge.
Tae knight's glass swordlooks painfully sharp, as the chapel's guardian swingsit about threateningly, determined not to let youescape alive.

425GLASS KNIG-rrSKILL 9 STAMINA 7If you are fighhng the knight with a mace, when youwin an Attack Round roll one dice.
If you roll a 6, theentirety of the knight's glass body shatters under yourblow, destroying i: one fell swoop.
If you winLhe battle you are able to exit the chapel withoutfurther obstructions.
Add 1 to your ALARM score andturn to 7.
425The pries Ys expression relaxe and he his eysagain- s«LSe only and a true heart, • hesays, smiling.
He introdums himself as Conan.
u•veguardian of the spring that was first bm*t forthfrom the ground by the blessed saint.
•And you areworthy to partake of Its holy healing gift,' he saysCorran leads you out of the wanning room to a spiralstone staircase thatwinds down into the earth, leadingyou bateath Ferunoot At the bottom, in a circularstone-walled charnber lit by smoking wall sconces,stands the well of Saint Crucius.
Corran draws abucket of clear water from the well and decants someinto a golden chalice that stands at is hp.
'Here,' heoffering you the cup, 'drink, and may the saint'sbWings pour dowm upon you.
' Reverently youaccept the chalice and gulp contene.
AB soon as the liquid reaches your stomach, you gripyour belly m agony, teeth clenched and tears stream•ing from your eyes.
The water that comes fromCrucius• well has been ble%ed by the whi&
makes it holy water, and holy water is inimical to yourkind.
There is no escaping the fact that you are nowwell On your way to becoming a creature of the night.
(Lose 2 STAMINA points.
) Ihankfully the knot of agonyeases and.
as the overwhelming pain pÜses, youbecome aware of another feeling imide you.
Ihewaters of the healing well have slowed he spread ofthe lycanthropic infection riddling your body.
Rollone dice, divide by z (rounding fractions up) and thenadd r; this is how many points you should reduceyour CHANGY score by (but make a note that it cannotdrop below 1).
Regain LUCK point too.
Corran fixesyou with a suspiciotu look.
'I have never seam theblessed waters anyone in Elat way before:he says.
Li you have the codeword Nomed writtendown on your Sheet, turn to 455.
If not.
tumto 484.
426Despite its musive size and ungainly bulk,maggot is able to move surprisingly quickly Theis a truly horrific corruption Of nature.
How-ever, more horrifying than its grisly nature is the factht the creature you are fighting was the Abbotof the Black Monks.
now changed beyond all r«og-nition, said, it is not the most amning Of killersand so shouldn't prove too much of a challenge to anaccomplished warrior such as yourself.
SKnx 6 STAMINA 16The maggot will attempt to bite you with ib perpet-ual_ly mashing mandibles, If it wounds you, roll
427—429dice.
(Dn a roll of 6, rather than bite you, the maggotwill spit acidic slime at you, causing 3 STAMINA pointsdamage.
If you kill Ehe Abbot-abomination, turn to'Friend,' yc_hl say, but the man's aim does not waver,his eyes narrowinb in you should anything.
Roll two dice.
If the total Ls less than or equal to yourCHANGE score, turn to 123.
u total rolled is geatet,turn to _Ovm-å_ng the you enter Castle Wulfen•s extensivelibrary.
Row after row of under theweighe of innumerable dusty tomes.
VMthin this "eatrepcsitory of knowledge, one bwk has givenpride of place, lying on a lætern to adragon.
The bwk is bound u.
black leather and beaßtf•æ tide On Conjuration and Banishment of Demons.
The air around the b)0k with a grimand you are sure it is colder at this SPOLIf you dare to open utis forbidding to whataid it can offer you, turn to 100.
If you would rathaleave well enough alone, you vacate Lhe library andtake either the door that is now to your left (turn to496), or the one düpctly ahead of you (tum to 310).
Peering around the door jamb, and seeing no oneoutside in the corridor, you set off towards the suitsAs you crep along the darkened corridor you pas
430another door which stands slightly ajar, ihe roombeyond lit by the soft yellow light of a gutteringCandle.
Perhaps his is the room that mysterymidnight wanderer vacated.
Glancing through theOpen door you see an empty unmade bed, a ricketybedside table, on which stands the dripping candle,and a large wooden chest against one wall.
The roomappears to be empty so will you enter and explore fur-t,er (tum to 449) Or will you continue after wh.
æver itwas who just left this chamber (turn to 126)?430You while away a quarter or hour watchingPupFbnaster at work.
the small stage of his bootha brave knight ba a dB-picable wi.
mrd.
conquerü•ghis monstrous dragon to a beauäfrlFree the kingdom from an evil it isa &aditional tale that has bear told a ti_mßover but y•m.
l find thLs paräcular performaru:e capti-eating.
almost as if you were under a spellThis is part due to the lifelike qualities of themarimettz and their naturalistic movements.
Youhave been amaæd by the puppet show, but you havebeen sljghtly unnerved by it.
(Make sure that thecodeword is down your AdventureSheet Lea vi.
ng an equally engrossed crowd still enjoy-ing the show, you move on through the fayre.
Tumto 167.

You kick out wi\h you feet to return to ete languidlyrippling surface but go nowhere.
You can feel a vice-like grip around your ankle.
[mki_ng down throughthe murky water you see that your foot has becomecaugh in the trap of a human ribcage lying antong thetethering weeds.
You kick out again.
lungs fit to burst.
but still cannot free You then take yoursword to the skeletal snare but the more you hack atthe ribcage, twisting and turning in the soupy greenwater, the more you become entangled in the perni•cious water-weed youmel.
f.
Eventually you can holdyour breath no longer and, involuntarily gaspingair, you suck in great lurugfuls of foetid water.
TheWater-Wyrd rnay not have claimed you [or its supper.
but the Drowning PM'I has won it*lf another v ktimnonethelæs_ Your advmture is over.
•132Kæping a watchful eye on the ichor—clouded watawhere ule horror 's body y.
nk —just in you wadethrough the pool looking for anything else of vallethat might be lying forgotten beneath the surfaceAnd, incredibly, you do find *veral other treasursntere is a Silver Mirror, an Ebon Wand, a Bloodstor*Amulet and a Garnet Ring.
(If you decide to take anyof these o*cts, add them to your Aduenture Sheet-INow you are ready to leave, but the abommatic•lurking in this place is not prepared to let you.
Allwhile you have been searching is waterlogged lai&the horror's unnatural physiology has begurregenerate.
You are about to start climbing the
shaft When a slime-slick, regenerating tentacle coilsOut Of the murky water and wraps itself around yourankle, pulling you back towards the centre of the pool.
Sword in hand you hack at the suckered pseudopodto free yourself.
REGENERATINGTEMACLEyou defeat the tentack, you reccmmerKe scalingthe pit-shaft before any more of he monster canregenera te.
Tum to 154.
The out inu) a much larger, caver-nous space.
A distinctive mammalian smell hangs inthe still.
moist air of the cave.
Lying against a congæ-gation Of limestone stalagmites is the body of a wolf,only now it is little more than a husk of skin andbones.
Surely this can't be the you areIt looks, and smells, like it I-us been lying hear forome, all fluid having drained fromcarcass.
Thm you the skitteringsund of 9mething cave towardsyou.
C —ing down the vertial wall of the cave is ahuge spider.
body alone is at least five feet inlength, the spread of its legs more than double that.
AS if the size of the arachnid were nothorrendous enough, its head is Some grotesqueamalgam of wolf and spider, a long muzzle forced outof shape by huge mandibles.
Making a sound that ishalfway between a hiss and a growl, the mutatedGiant Wolf Spider launches its attack.
GIANT WOLF SPIDERSKILL S STAMINA 7
If you slay the lupine arahnid, is nothing foryou here so you have no choice han leaverocky chamber.
Will you taka:A tunnel with an obvious seam of blackstone?A sandy-floored tunnel?A subterranean tunnel leading underwallA musky-smelling tunrel?rumturn to 207Turn to 405Turn to 9Konrad is unable to hide his disavv0inOnnt at yow•Well if how you hedisgruntled.
•then you won't mind payütg formeal: abrupdy at the bowlfront Of you, before Of inn.
You feelto pay for tie meal haveand, as dusk is already falhng outside Suc*hnsPig, you decide to pay for a room for the as well.
(Deduct a Of 3 Gold from yourSheet.
)You SFmd a fitful night sleeping on a lumpy,ridden mattress in a cold mom, kept awake by an eeriehowling that echoes from somewhere beyond theedge of the village.
seemingly calling to somethingyour blood, (Add 1 (MANGE point.
) You eventually fallasleep as dawn is breaking.
When you wake youdiscover it is already past Mon, and you feel no betterfor having paid for what you had h0Fed would bedecent rest.
Leaving Strigoiva, will you follow theroad to eme (tum to 160) or be east (turn to 47S).

435-436or Will Lake the less wdl-travelled track intoforest, the srubby ougkrts of which lie a mile or soto he north-east of the ra_lage (turn to 8)?In a small ante—mom Off the main staircase you cometo a set of black-lacquered double doors Above themis the same crest you saw on the floor of the enhancehall — a skull surmounted by a bat with wingsOutstretched.
Your unfailing sixth sense tells you thatyou have found the lair of die Lady of Maun.
Boldly,you push op«l the and find yourself at one endOf a corridor, a Of double doorsstands at Other Roll one dice.
If the numberrolled is less than or equal to your ALARM rore.
turnto 448.
If the number rolled is than ALARMSCOR, turn436You spring forward md plunge your blade into ü•teCreature.
The tip Of your Sword pierces its heart andthe dies with a piteous howl.
With appar•endy no regard for I-us own safety, the man runs overto tie dead creature and, falling to his knees, cradlesits misshapen head his hands.
•What have youdone?' the man screams, tears glistening in his eyes.
•He was no threat to you! He did not know what hewas doing.
He was only acting on instinct, and nowyou have murdered him — my son!' Tne man fixes youwide.
a look of buming hatred and says quite clearly,you in name of Almo% Lnrd of klves, for
437-438life you have taken Your skin suddenly likeit's on fir and you claw at your clothes to to stopEle pain as something bestial daws at you from theinside — the wolf in you hungers for freedom.
(Add :to your CHANGE score and lose 2 STAMINA points, aswell as 1 LUCK point.
) Roll two dice.
If Üle total isgreater your CHANGE score, you tum tail and run fromthis tragic xene, not stopping until you are well awayfrom the wtate (tum to .
16).
If the total is less orto your CHANGE xore, tum to 417,You plunge a hand into tie icy but even as youspW1 your face with it you an fel it burning.
Youa Of pain but the burning2 poinß.
) You at your hJid"'e that tlw skin is twisted as if it has been plungedinto boiling water.
You imagine that your lace mustlook the None of the other villagersthis way, but you aren't like Other FOpJemore.
The stone contains blesed holy waterand, like it or not, you are slowly but surely tecominga crea ture Of the night.
Holy water is to you.
'(I-Ahe LUCK point) The burning pain eventuallybur you have been pennanently TaemIS nothing you can do but hurry after huntingpary.
'Iil_rn to 497.
438you make your way along the bamly perceptibkäack, spindly branched trees encroach furtherthe path, until you are pZking your way
439distended knotty boles and half-protruding mob.
TheSun sinks.
veiled behind heavy grey clouds and thedark silhouett8 of t•reß.
A carrion bird cmakshoarsely into the dusk and then is ominously sila-tt.
You wonder where you should make camp for theright.
as the air is gethg notice±ly colder aroundyou.
In fact •he chill mare like what you wouldOf a midwinter night.
You take another Stepforward.
your bcoted heel crurching on a thick layerof ground frost.
Hearing a rpmeptiblp crackling in theair around you, you watch feathery tendrils of icespread the trunks and naked skeJeul branchesof the gurled tre«.
covering everything in a hc.
rfrSt Iciclß form on icy-heavy boughs and yourbreath clouds your Gce.
sparkle.
and glows underof a near full.
93rne battk of thegasons taking place at this 90t but Out is theOrdy change that is (M.
urnng at t}us Writethe 103 thm turnto 20.
You are unaware of the of ü•.
e two BlackMonks lying in wait for you beyond the archway untilit is too late.
The two holy mm leap out of the shadowswith preternatural speed and æize you, holding youin a yip of that yo Leaving you in theOf his bmther.
me 01 the monks achalice from somev•.
'here and brings it to you.
•youhave been truly blesæd,' he says.
Oozing sLmein Strings the tip of the chalice.
•ne has
deemed you worthy Of an audience and Offers youhis sacrament.
Take the cup, and drink.
' There isnothing you can do as, bet-wear the two of them, theBlack Monks Iorce your open and empty theof the chalice into your mouth.
Spluttering and gasping for air cannot help butswallow a mouthful Of he revolting stuff.
Roll twodice.
Lf the total rolled is less than Or equal to youcurrent CHANGE turn to +1.
If it is greater, turnto 474.
As the last of the wolves turns tail and youfollow Ulrich as he strides up to the iron-bound oakdoor Of the cottage, the wood gouged fo splinters bysavage daw marks.
Grandmother!' he calls.
isUlrich with a friend in need 0t your help.
' A tiny hatchin the middle of the door slides open and ovo cataract-blurred eyes peer out before the hatch shut fastagain, is the grate Of bol being pulled back andthen finally the door opens.
A hunched figure ushersyou both into the warm glow, muttering somethingabout 'Damned before slamming the doorshut again and throwing back the bolts.
Peering out from under a woollen shawl, old cronelooks you up and down, blinking myopically.
She hasa hooked nose and chin, and looks every part thewitch, with a chain Of silver charms hanging roundhef neck.
'SO, it's you who needs my help, is it?'Grandmother Zekova asks.
You listen in nervousanticipation Ulrich tells the Old wisewornan what
has happened.
You expect her to cry out in horror andrun screaming from the cottage at any moment, butthe old woman appears tc take in what Ulrich istelling her with earræst coluentrabon.
When he isdone she turns to you.
Without say-mg a word shestarts to prod and poke, looking in your eyes andgetting you to stick out your tongue She also takes aLook at your wolf-bite.
'Lycanthropy is a terrible and crippling curse,' shegays at last, 'but you are fortunate to have mettrustworthy Ulrich elis night, and that he hadforesight to bring you to me.
The di*ase will still justbe taking hold, so if we act fast we might yet be able tocounteract the effece Of the werewolf's saliva-venom.
I can give you a potion brewed from the belladonnaplant, which will help.
but, with your consent, I wouldlike to bleed you first so that the potion might afaster, more potent, effect 'Will you let the wisewoman bleed you beforeadministering her potion (turn to or *vill yourefuse and simply take the potion without being bled(turn to 358) ?Approaching Count Varcolac's throne you kneelbefore him, keeping a watchful eye on the hugewolves that, in turn, keep a wary, Jaundiced eye onyou.
'The Count extends his signet ring so that youmight kiss it and, maintaining the pretence for as longas you dare, you touch your lips to the warm gold.
'nut's right, my pet,' Varcolac growls.
•Now, reveal

your true form to me!' At his command, agonisingpains selze eve" muscle of your body.
Roll thræ dice.
If the total rolled is less than or equal to your CHANGE":ore, tum to 423.
If i t is greater, turn to 247.
æfore you rEac_h the end of twisting tunnel youmake out sparkling light coming from the chamberthat lies at its end.
You emerge frorn the passagewaybehind a large stalagmite and enter a cave lit byglittering crystals set into the dark limestone walls.
This strange luminescence sparkles frorn myriadwebs strung across the chamber — almost like curtainsand drapes — making the webs 100k like they havebeen spun from pure silver The light also reflects fromgenuine treasures.
Gold pieces lie Scatteredfloor of the chamber, along with other, less valuable3bJects.
• battered helmets, rusty swords and axes,rotten backpacks and gna wed pieces of leather armoyou hear the voice: it is that Of a woman, butstrained wiå-t anxiety and with a hiysing impediment.
Where is it?' the voice is saying.
'Who's taken it?Where's my fine sharpness, my glittering silverness?Who hx it? Where rs it?' tie woman repeats overand over.
Rounding the edge Of the Stalagmiee you gasp inamazement and horror at what you See before you.
Covering the far end of Ehe crystal-lit cave is theintricate, most beautifully woven, and largestweb you have ever seen.
It is decorated with strings
Of pearb and precious but amid an this(Stentatious weal!h squats one of the most hideousthings you have ev er seen.
At Erst glance it appears tohave all Ehe proportions of a spider only on a colosalscale.
At glance, however, you see that it ismuch worse than that.
The monstmus arachnid bodyap pears to have grown fmm that of a human woman.
From the waist down tlæ abdomen of (he monster is aswollen.
hairy black pulsating ending in silk-oozing spinnerets.
From the waist up, however, thecreature looks more human except tha t she has a totalOf six arms and two legs which, although they beginas human, becorne the long, bony black limbs of thespider, €41ding m cruelly barbed chatinous claws.
Hermatted hair is short and spgked, Lke spider fur, andher possibly once beautiful face has been byyet more arac.
l-uud attributes.
An additional six eyeshave formed on her forehead above her human eyes,looking like ripe black blisters, and her mouth hasbeen srretched impossibly wide by the protrusion Ofhuge spider fangs, each as long as your sword arm.
Lying on he sandy floor Of the cavern are thedesiccated bodies of adventurers — dwarfs as well ashumans — sucked dry of all bodily fluids.
And thenthe grossly mutated spider-woman you.
'Ah, the thief returns to the scene Of tho crime!' shehisses.
'Was iEyou? Did you take it, my precioussharp-ness?' If you have codeword Snilbog recorded onyour Adventure Sheet, turn to 2.
If not, turn to 219.

443At your final.
killing stoke, body of the spectralcnature utravels, dissolving back into mist with onefinal, soul-raiding howl.
But as their pack leaderdeparts the Earthly Plane, so too do oüwr phantomcreatures of the Howling.
The of ele wolf-ghostsnottung but tendrils of night-mist, the dreadfulWailing cedes, For a moment the villagers lookaround in stupefied silence and then, as they realisewhat you have done for them, a cheer goes up fromthe hunters.
YOLI have banßhed the Howling andsaved the people Of Strigoiva from torment.
(Regain LUCX point.
)You spend the rest of the night making met" with theelated villagers back at T}te Suckling Pig.
Eventually, asdawn is breaking, you stumble Off to bed Of theinn's guest-rooms, the use Of which you havegiven for free With the Stngoivians' thanks.
Wmen youwake again, from a thankfully rughtmare-freeyou discover that it is already well past noon.
You feelmuch better for the rest tuck tato a brat* Of woodpigeon cooked for you by the landlord's wife.
(Regam4 points.
) But great feeling Of stillhangs over you, Your personal qust demands thatyou move on from S higoiva again.
Leaving the villageand ib grateful populace, you can either follow thewhere it divide, to the north (tum to 160) or theeast (tum to 478), or you the less well-travelledtrack into the forest that lies a mile or 80 to the north-east Of Strigoiva (turn to 8)?
A1 firs: you lhink you arp winning, then you misjudgethe best route to take to avoid a boulder on the road infront of you.
One of the carriage wheels hits the rock,sending the stagecoach veering Off the road.
Withwhi nnying shrieks of terror, the horses are pulled overthe of the gorge as the coach topples past thepoint Of no return, and down the side of the cliff.
takingyou and Katya with them.
You: adventure ends here.
your bodies smashed on the jagged rocks far below.
'Who will face the challenge of the Cage? • a bald-headed strongman dressed in a leopard-skin leotardand sporting a fine moustache calls to the crowd froma roughly erected stage.
Tame the savage Grendeland Gold Pieces could be yours!' Standing behindhim, before a backdrop, is a large cage.
Insideit is the beast he speaks of.
It is at least a head tallerthan the strongman and as broad across the shouldersas a gorilla.
Its arms are as thick as ship's cable8corded muscle.
and end in club-like fists.
creature's Skin is green and pitted, its face suggestive01 a primitive cgre bloodline.
As you are consideringtaking up the challenge you that a thickset,bearded man — whom you take for a blacksmi\h — isbeing led away from the stage holding a hand to hisbloodied and broken nose.
The aim of the game is toenter the Cage unarmed and Subdue this Grendel.
Ifyou want to take up the challenge it will COSI you 2Gold Pieces (turn to 458).
Ii you would rather leave itto wrne other mug to tame the beast, turn to 16-7.

446—+48446You inevitably crush any number of puftalls andmushmoms beneath your feet, Ü•ue fungi releasingclouds of spores inlo the damp air.
As you could havepredicted, the spores irritate your airways and lungs.
You burst through the docy on the other side andcollapye in the corridor beyond, your body convulsedby hacking coughs.
3 STAMINA points and addto your CHANGE score.
) Turn to 492.
447You misjudge your timings and the uen-ces as the heavy swinging blade slices into you.
Rollone dice and add 2: this is the total number of STAMINApoints you must you survive such a terribleiniury.
on the floor Of the corridor on theother side of the pndulum blade (turn to .
448As as you enter the corridor, the doors slam shubehind you and something begins to Someunholy phantasm is clothing in shadows, takingon a threatening form.
Your actions within the TO wero! Maun have alerted Lady to your andyour arrival has been anticipated.
necromancerClat is the power in this place has brought forthentities that normally dwell on the Spirit Plane, un apractitioner of the Dark Arts summons them 10 theearthly realm.
Trailing smoky tendrils.
the facelessshadow-bom Creatures circle you, ready to rake yourflesh with claws formed of impenetrable darknes.
IIyou have the codeword Nethcir recorded on your
Adventure Sheer, turn to 463.
If not, you have no choicebut to nke up your and defald Inthe narrow confines of the corridor, fight ±adow-bom one at a time.
FirstTENEBRAESecond TENEBRAEThird TENEBRAE77STAMINA767Fortunately coki steel is just eff«tive against theTenebrae as silver Or magic.
If you manage to derealthese crea Eures of darkness.
turn to 477.
A floorboud creaks ominously under your foot as youenter the room and you step swiftly inside.
Shuttingthe door, you make your search undisturbed.
There isno dung unusual about the bed or the small table aextto it, but chest another matter altogether Insideyou find a number of folded dresws, which leads youto believe frat you are actually inside the bedchamberOf the landlord's daughter.
you tind a strange collection of objects that includebundles of herbs, dried powders in small glass bottlB
450and a bx•k covered in u.
nættl.
h•tg sy-rnbolg.
You decideto leave these well alone, as &teir connection to thepractice of witchcraft is obvious.
However, you alsofind a bundle of letters, tied up with pink ribbon.
Aquick glance at åese reveals that they love letters,written and sigr*d by Meg' to someorwreferred to as 'My love' or 'My fine gentlanan'.
nUSBa curious mix of to find in a bar-maid'sbedroom.
Ri#tt at the bottom Of the chest you find anornately carved box secured with a brasslock.
There is no key but you think you could force tYebox open with your sword.
Ch you want to force thelock (tum to 481), or you leave the room aruccmtinue in pursuit of he pemon who you nowsusp«t is in landlord's daughter (turnto 226)?Pistol in you aim fire.
Divide your SKILL*ore by 4.
rounding fractions down: this is the nunt-ber of times you may fire the pistol before the VarcolacWerewolf be on fop of you, providing you haveenough bullee loaded in the pstol.
There is time toreload now, given your d,ixe predicament! Test yourSHI ag you would normally to resolve whether yourshoG hit the waewoif, lead bulletscauses the creature 2 points of STAMINA damage eachSilver bullets, however, each cause 3 STAMINApoints Of damage.
you come to fight the Arch-Lycanthrope in hand-to-hand combat, alter thewolf's SIAMINA score according to how many tunesyou wcmnd him with your pistol shots.
Turn to 150.

-rhm you have heard of my studi• concerrdng thepowers of darkness and want my help,' manin a musing tone.
Well, I am to di"ppoint youbut the Servwe$ Of are no longerfor tire; I have my own work now that raks up allmy time.
I suggest you leave by "me wayyou my WII] you leave as Verticus(tum to 46) or will you make ttE 0t theopprtunity and do away Vidousand (rum to 436)?452btærting key in the hole.
you rum it unül youa ratctwthngcbck.
With a sudden lurch automatontako a step towards and without heitation trieto strike you with Its crushing gauntkt-h•rdYou have no choice but to take up yow Own weponto defend yourælf.
CLOCKWORXAUIOMATONAs it wæ key that activated Autoaut«i, per•haps removing it would down yourattacker again.
If you want to to out the keyyou must fight With your Strength redLKedby 2 poinS_ However, if you win two consecu6veAttack Rounds.
fighdng tn this way.
tum to 317.
If youdefeat automaton, leaving exquisite b«lyworkand brokal on åe floor of the workroom youquit and return to the juncüon, from tiere you takedoor which now ahead of you (turn to or.
altematively, he one that is row to your nght (turnto 496).

453—455The veteran curæs as you strike at him andduds out of your way Cries go up from 'he oemers inthe tull hear a terrible sotu•d which makescudJe — something Eke a cm.
WY-weenthe of a and Ehe howl of a wolf.
You turn mhorror to what is happening 10Straub.
Turn to 62.
Lightning streaks down inside the building via thenetwork of wires and cables, stray sparks flying in alldirections, lighting the space with their wild, electric-blue brilliance.
One of these jagged bolts strikes youand hurls you backwards into a bank oi hummingmachinery.
(Lose 4 STAMINA points.
For as long as youremain in the windmill you must reduce your SKILLby point as well.
) Something is moving with jerkyspasms at the Centre of the chamber amid the blaze Ofwtute storm-wit.
Bcking your•lf up you toface tie worst you an imagine, made bruhlly real.
rum to 120.
455'l that your mission to rid of evil is apersonal quest for retribution or an act Of repentance,'the priest Says.
'And having you put an end tothe Shuck where others, including myself could not.
ICan tell that you are a hem on whom the gods aresmiling.
For that reason I wish to bequeath you some-thing to aid you in your quest.
Corran leads you backup through the shrine to the altar to Saint Crucius.
He
456-457takes up the cross that stands there and places it intoyour hands.
'Take this,' he Says, 'and may it guard youas well in your quest as it has protected this shrinediese many years.
' Add the Silver Cross to yourEquiprnent List and 484.
456You decide diat you can work more effectively enth-out others around you — making a lot Of andscaring your would-be prey away— and set off alonewithout further delay.
Once outside the town youscout the surrounding landscape, trying to work outwhere a monster like the Beast Of Vargenhof wouldhave its lair.
Directly beyond the perimeter of thetown lie the pastures, paddocks and pinewhere the monster's attacks have been centred, butto your mind these places are its hunting groundsand not its home.
South of Vargenhof lie the blastedheaths, where you doubt any creature would look lorshelter.
leaves the wooded hills to the east Of thetown a.
nd the craggy peaks that form the foothills oithe Orsov Mountains to north.
Where will youlook for the Beast?In the eastern hills?In the crags to the north?457Turn to 28Turn to 330You manage to drive the lunatic back out ofthe cottageand Ulrich slams the door shut again, bolting itsecurely once more.
The wolves howl mournfully atthe mom, the sound retreating as the lunatic leads
them back into Ehe Ihe wxx4gman and wie—Woman stare at yon grimly.
lycanthmpy stillwithin you,' Grardmother Zekova My•s.
'You are notcured.
Tell me again about the creatuæ that attackalyou.
' If have a Ring.
turn to If not.
tumto 326.
A yot.
.
mg ukes yourfrom you, once you have handed your 2 GoldPieces, and üten, taking a deq breaü% to steady you:you enter the Cage.
The Gradelgre gæs foryou luunediately.
You are not rying to kill ycNropponent in this contest your aim is merely to subdueEhe TO do this you need to win twoRounds in a row.
Roll fot Attack Str«tgths normal(reducing yours by 1 as ym.
l am using sword)but do not '*move SEAMINA for dam.
NS-tamed.
merely k"' track Of has WCr•t row' d.
SKILL 8If you win two Attack Rounds first, tum20470.
two con*cutive Attack Roundsbefore you, turn toAt your killmg blow, ute demon disolvB into a sul-phurous black cloud again, leaving you fme to studybook to which it had been bound.
On page 216 youfind a ritual to banish demoM.
It involves mar-kingou t a pentacle — a five-pointedartefacts.
Who knows wipn such information

460Corne in useful? With this knowledge safeiy storedaway, you lea ve the library before it suffers any fartherdemonic visitations.
Returning to juncti«t, wiliyou take the door now to your left (turn to ot passth rough the ane direc ahead of you (turn to 310)?460forlorn-looking scarecrows watch over thecrop, strung up on like condemned men thegallows.
Wading your way between the mtten stalksof wheat, you see how badly the corruption hashere.
The whole crop is blighted.
You ace not far fromthe perimeter of ihe farmyard when you hear aswishing sond in the sodden stems around you andglimpse shadowy movement.
Something has changed— the two scarecrows are missing from their posts.
With a shrill banshee-wail the two straw nwn burstout of the mouldering crop in Hont of you.
With clawsmade from sharp splinters, the Scarecrows attack you.
leaping and capering with jerky, insect-tike move-rnents.
Fight them both at thesame time.
First SCARECROWSecond SCARECROWSKILL76STAMINA55Their bodis stuffed with hay, your bizarreshouldn't cause you too much trouble.
you havehacked their cobbled-together bodies '0 pieces, tumto 420.

467—463Wa tching where you pur your feet, you take your firststeps into the room.
Test your Skill thrædmes.
If you fail any of the tests, turn to 446.
If youpass every single one, turn to 475.
4Standing your ground you unsheathe your sw01d,ready to face the approaching rider The phantomreins in his wild steed with a shout of, Whoa there,Barushka!' The grænly glowing apparition trots thelast few paces before coming to a halt directly in frontof you.
The headless rider drops the reins and reachesunder its doak with both gloved hands.
itwithdraws the right again you see that it isholding a cocked flintlock pistol.
In iB left hand it isholding a man's head by the hair.
Tne eyß in he headfix you with a needling stale, while a cruel smilespreads aaoss its L:ps.
'Stand and deliver!' headdeclares.
'Your money and your life!' And with Ihatthe ghostly highwayman pulls the trigger.
Test the SkillOf the Headless Highwayman, who has a SKILL Of 8.
Ifhe passu the test, turn to 374.
If he fails, his shotmisses you; turn to 501.
463'The 'I&tebrae are creature bom of darkness and soEheir g-maiest weakness is light.
Quickly.
light yourlantern!' [f you have a lantern, and can use it (the NightCreature special ability will not work as substitutehere), you must spend one Attack Round lighting it,dunng which time you will be vulnerable to
However, if you accompUsh task, when you docome to fight the Tenebrae they will be andweakened by the (Reduce all of the creatures'SKILL score by po'-nt and ±meir STAMINA scores by 2points.
) Now return to "8 and face your foes-werewolf's flesh sizzles and bums at t_læ touch ofthe silver, cruel wounds opening all over its cozpse —but it is not enough.
Under the influence of the dernonit, the Arch-Lycanthmpe rises again.
Snar-ling with unrestrained ut.
femal rageattacks.
(For every Silver Dagger yc:n.
l have been ableto use.
you may reduce fre demon's STAMINA *ore by2 points before this battle.
)WOLF DEMON10 STAMINA 14If you to overcome the Varcolac-de:non, andyou have the codeword Deliugeb recorded on yourAdventure Sheet, turn to If not, turn to 515.
465The whetted edge of your blade rings as it slides fromscabbard.
It only ta.
kæ a split secmd for yourmidnight-black challenger to react, 'Ihere is anotherRharp Crack! as man fires the pistol held in hisOutstretelwd hand.
TVs* the Skill of the Vampire Hunter,who has a SKILL score Of 10.
If he passes the testsuccessfully, tum to 376.
If he fails, he misses you, tumto 398.

The cold earth is your bed, the air yourblanket.
Ikspi:e su&t unpleasant conditions, weari-ness forces sleep upon you.
You wake feling some-thing tugging at your leg and come to with a start.
Kicking free, you provoke whatever it is that waspawing at you to snarl in defiance.
You find yourselfstaring Lnto the cold yellcw eyes of a mangy cur, ahun dog.
but one that is barely more than skinbone.
and rotting flesh.
Ghoul Hound should bedead, but these moors to let sleeping dogs lie.
You pull your sword from its Szabbatd as the snarlingundead dog bounds towards you.
GHOUL HOUND7 STAMINA 6If the hound wounds you more than 3 tinps, add 1 toyour CHANGE score- If you defeat the dog.
as far as youate concerned moming cannot come soon enoughAnd when il does you are eager to be your wayagam.
Turn toAs soon as you turn your back on the old woman, andhear her muttering the words Of another incantation,you realise that you should never have trusted awitch.
Befon you can do anything else to defendyourself, you feel the change you have been dreadingcome over you, freeing the wolf inside you from itsfleshy prison.
Howling in pain and frustraticm.
yourclothes and possessions falling from your new lupineforrn, you run from the witch's kitchen all fours,Of the castle and into the night, search Of a packto call your own- Your adventure is over.

468—470Somehow you find the words to compliment MistressBaner on her 'handsome' You tolerate the pawsanecdotes about their babe—in-arms and bide yourLime beside the fire, you the Changeling eyeingeach other warily.
TBt your Luck.
If you are Lucky, turnto U7.
If you are Unlucky, turn to 2N.
469The Quickening —Your reflexes have become sharper,your reaction times faster, and you are now as agi}e asa wolf.
Add more point to your In as well as yourcurrent EXILL score.
Record Quicb•ning on yourAdventure Sheet and harn to the paragraph with thesame number as the one you were Iasi instructed towrite down.
470To the uproarious cheers of the crowd you force thebeast inlC a headlock and, with the ring Of a bell aredeclared the winner.
Reluctantly the strongman handg
over your winnings (a bag containing 10 Gold Pieces)and his assistant mlurns your other Asyou leave the stage Lhe strongman •ells the crowd thal(he Cage is closed for business for the rest of the dayto a chorus of light-hearted boos.
Turn to 167.
Watching the rhythmically swinging blade.
you Stepinlo the corridor.
Test your Lttck, II you are Lucky, turn42.
If you are Unlucky, rum Ec 110.
472The door to the house sutHer•dy flung open.
middle-aged man standing in the wearingrobes and a neatlv trimmed goateebeard.
He commands the creature to be still and.
toyour amazement, the Wolf-Were breaks off its artackand takes a slouching step away from you.
'What dvyou think you are doing here.
trespassing on myland?' the man demands.
How will you answer him?you:Say that you are on a quest to rid theland of evil?TumTell him the Irulh that you are seekingacure for your lycanthropy?Turn 10403Or will you seize the mornent and finishTum to 436the Wolf* Were?
473Ulrich leads back to the spot you were firstattacked.
From there it not hard io pkk up trailleft by wolvs as they made flight.
By theflickering yellow light of your Janiem — and Ihanks toUlrich's knowledge of oppressive woods — thetwo cf you follow the animals' Hacks deeper anddeeper into the forest.
The trail you find yourselffollowing leads you a merry dance indeed.
and onmere than one occasion you find yourselves dmhljngback along paths you have already taken And thenthe eerie howling reache your ears aga•.
n,By a misi that is rising from the darkened hollowsbetween trpes_ You quicken your pace , determinedto catch up wiå black Wolf and its kin before theycan you again.
You Crest a and find yourvlves lookingdown on a stone-built cottage nestledlooming træ at bottom Of a s'0Fe.

By the cold, silver moonlight you Can See wolvescircling Cliftage, but from the snarling of theanimals, and the scraping Of claws wood, it soundsvery much Eke the creatures are trying force theirway into the cottage.
'By the spirits!' Ulrich suddenlyexclaims.
'Grandmother! Grandmo±ler Zekova!' Anddien he is rushing down the slope ready to meet thewolf pack with his axe.
You cannot hun fight thisbattle alone and so, despite your wearir,ess, you sprintafter him.
sword drawn.
You will fight the Wolf Packas if it were one creature.
Every Attack Round, as wellas rolling for your Attack Strength, also roll forUlrich's (he has a SKILL score of 8)- During an AttackRound, if his Attack Strength higher than that ofthe wolves, then he delivers wounds totalling 2STAMINA points to their total scor.
WOLF PACKSKILL 7 STAMINA 14Keep a careful note Of how many Attack Rounds thebattle lasts, If you reduce the pack's STAMINA tozero, it means that you have driven them off.
youand Ulrich manage this in seven Attack Rounds orless, tum to 440.
If it takes you eight Attack Row-ds ormore 10 win the battle, tum to 486.

474—43474Your entire physical being riles at the pr&nce Of theputrescent slime in your stomach and you vomitviolently (lose 2 STAMINA points and add CHA'"Bpoint), the monks releasing their steely grip you.
Drained as you might be, there is no time to rest andWithout a moment's respite, the monksare an you again As they to attack, the monks'fall op«l to reveal mcmstmus muta-tons.
With a sharp intake of breath you see that thehead Of the first is halfway between that of a cockroachand a man.
As the mandibled monk hisses at you,malformed jaws snapping, the second reaches for youfrom within the voluminous sleeves of his habit- TheSleeves fall back to reveal mantis—like claws where themonk's arms should be You have no choice but tofight the Black Monks at the sa_lræ time-SKILL STAMINAMONKMONK7876If you manage to defeat both the tated monks.
turnto 262-475Unbelievably, you make your way between thebloated, bruise-coloured fungi without causing any ofthem to release their spores.
Regain 1 LUCK point.
Opening the second door you enter another stone-w alled corridor.
Turn to 492.

476Your head thumping as if your skull is ht to burst,you regain gnggy consciousness to find yourselfmanacled to a bank of arcane, mechanical equipmentwithin what can only be as a mad scientist'slaboratory, wh.
ich you judge to he located at the top ofthe windmill.
BundÄ of copper cabling descend fromthe criss—crossed rafters above you, connecting allof in the lab to a tilted metal tableon which rets one of ffe most bizarre and monstrousthings you have ever It is at least half heightagain Of a man and as broad across, made fromslabs ofdead grey nesh as well as gleaming mechanicalcomponenß.
Around its ugly head is a band Of metalin place with a of unsubtle bolts.
Standing next to a bank Of levers is a tall manwearing a oxe-white lab coat, his eyes hiddenbehind thick-Jascd gogg16, And wwering behindhim is the hunchbacked Igor.
'Welcome: the tall manv.
ys.
his excitml tone of voice suggesting to you thalhe is mentally unhinged.
'You are here just in time 10witnßs die 'nation of a new form of life!' Thunderrolls ominously across the sky and lightrång hits thetop of the tower, as if it had been waiting for the mostdramatic moment tc strike.
Test Luck.
If you areLucky, turn to 303.
If you are Unlucky, turn to 495.

477477You know that you cannot risk tarrying here anylonger.
Running to the other end of the corridor, youfling open the doors there and burst into the mombeyond.
You find yourself in a grand, high-ceilingedchamber, o rnatcly decorated with heavy velvetdrapesof black and red, its ceiling painted with a zodiacalmap of the heavens.
The windows of the chamber areCovered by the heavy hanging drapes.
At your abruptarrival, a striking, platinum-haired woman, dressedin crimson and black, her skin as white as ivory, riæsfrom a high-backed wooden chair.
At her side standsa gaunt-faced man, in the apparel Ofa servant,and Wilh a feral look about him.
For a fleering momentthe noblewoman looks startled but this issoon replaced by a 100k 0' arrogant superiority, and asinister smile forms on her rrw'-red lips •Ah, l'.
x»k,Gustav, we have company,' she says, addressing herShe and moves gracefully theroom you, her movements so fluid that youcould almost believe she were gliding the floora few inches above it, her feet never actually touchingthe polished marble tils You are captivated by herbeauty •nd find yourself transfixed by her piercingcold-eyed stare.
If you have the codeword Nethcirrecorded on your Adventure Sheet, turn to 494 immedi-ately.
If not, mll two dice, subtracting 2 from totalyou have the codeword Dehctaw written dowm onyour Adventure Sheet.
If the final total is less than orequal to your CHANGE «ore, tum to 10; if it is greater,turn to 52.


478478Taking the well-trodden road east out of Strigoiva.
you continue under a leaden sky, wary of any potenYaldangers On the nud in this mysterious and sinisterland.
As the sun sinks towards horizgn thesteadi]y darkening cloud cover, you start to thinkabout finding somewhere to sleep for the night.
To thenorth, some miles from the road, you can see the for-bidding silhouetted ?ree of an expanse of forest,but just off the road to the south.
beyond untendedfields running riot with got* and thistle.
stands theremains Of a gamekeeper's cottage.
All left nowis the tumbledown ruin of the chimney and fireplaceand one sheltering wall.
You decide that this wouldmake an ideal place to camp for the night.
reachingthe ruined cottage you set a fire in the smoke-blackened hearth to keep the chill of the night at bay.
Having eaten (cross off Meal Of Provisions) yousettle down to sleep, pulling your travelling cloaktight about you.
You are just drifting Off to Sleep, the night breezesighing through the leafless k»ughs oi a copse.
whenyou hear the sharp Crack! of a dry twig snappingunderfoot.
You aæ on your feet in a moment.
Ashadow detaches ieelf from the enveloping darknessand takes a step closer towards you.
By the duli redglow Of the dying embers Of your fire you study theimposing figure standing at the threshold to Giecottage.
It Ls a man dresed from head to foot in black.
His coat is long, the leather durable, he wears heavyleather gloves and sEurdy leather boots, and on his
479—480head is a tall, wide-brimmed hat.
on shines asilver buckle that holds a ribbon in place.
Orlythe steely orbs of his eyes are visible beneah the brimcf the hat.
the rest of his face being covered by a redscarf.
Ember•ow reflects from the polished barrp: ofa flintlock pistol that the man has aimed at you.
Froma swod-belt at his waist hangs a gkaming rapierblade.
'DO not move!" he conunands.
his voice as coldas steel.
• you Hend or Foe? • How will you reactto this challenge? you your ownsword (turn to 465) or w-ill you hold your hands up±ove head in a gBture of (tumto 427)?While Silver in your with theArch-Lycanthr0fæ you must your At-ackStrength by 1 point, usual, bul wounds deliveredwith it will cause the Werewolf 3 STAMINA poults Ofdamage.
Also, if yml are using a Silver Dagger thatyou found hidden somewhere wiLhin Castle Wulfen.
you may reduce Varcolac's SKILL by point forduration of the battle.
Now tum to 150.
iXnd then a brief window of opportunily preentsitself and you seize it w:å•, both hands.
Plunging yourblade downwards, you slice through thesecuring the to their traces.
Leaping theof ffle next to Ka5'a•s, a 'Yaah!' youset the untethered steeds galloping fræof carriage.

Glancing back over your shoulder.
as the twrses pullaway you watch with deep as stagc-coach veers off Lhe edge of the road, the Wcmbeastraging in vain atop it.
Ihwn, down, down it plungesinto lhe gaping void of Garou Gorge.
You have put anend to the Beast of Vargenhof at last: regain 2 LtJCXpoints.
Unfottunately you feel no different withinyourself.
The Werebeast could not have been the Arch.
Lycanthrope you seek.
Free of the threat of the mon-ster al last, you and Katya ride Chi, further into themountains towards Wulfenstcin, in hope of findingyour true quarry at last.
Make a note Of the numbergo on your Adventure Shæt and emen tum to 20.
You manage to the and find Ihai ii islined Wilh Jed velvet.
Lying within a hollow isa Flintlæk Pistol.
It is an exquisite piece but it isLT-.
kedcd, and you cannot find any bullets ror it in its(If you want to find out more about how tothe Fiintlock Pistol.
make a note of the paragraph youare at rhe hme and turn to paragraph 400.
)You are Bout 10 leave the room when you noticesomething marked out in red chalk thebed.
Moving the Bed aside you an esoteric star andcirle symbol drawn on the floorboards, with other,smaller runicmarks at the apex of each star-point.
Youare not sure whether it is a warding sign, to guardagainst the evil eye, or a witch—mark intended 10attract evil.
Feeling Increasingly uneasy you leave thert»m.
Tum to 226.

482—483482As you reach inlo the pit several Leechwormsonto your exposed skin, cutä.
ng your flesh open wiåOi razor-sharp teeth, before engorging lhem-on your blcx»d.
Roll one dice and that manySTAMINA poine.
If you survive the attentions ofhungry Leechworms, when they have eaten their fillrelease {heir grip and drop back into the pit.
It isonly then that you realise hilt you risked yourhealth to recover is attached to a worthle«, rustedblade.
Casting the corroded dagger back into the pilyou storm back down corridor nursing yourwounds.
Turn to 181.
Turning from the derelict farm, you off for thetown again through the rain.
You have not gone farwhen you hear a and a splashing you.
Tuming, you æe three large creatures galloping downthe towards you.
At first, Erom theirproportions and their vicious, sabre-like tusks, youwould have taken them for Wild boar.
But their warty
hides, although covered bnstly hair, am not asthickly furred as boars' nese some End of mm-strous muätion.
is just as you had thought.
isrotten magic at work at the farm- monstrouspigs have caught up with you so you have to defendyourself agairwt their slicing •wks.
and t.
lligenmlporineFirst SAVAGE SWINESecond SAVAGE SWINEThird SAVAGE SWINESKILL STAMINA655545Fight animals two a time farm Ifyou defea: the &ree, bloodthirsty animals, do youwant to return to the farm to invetigate further (turnto 4.
20) or will you stick to your original plan andrettu•n to Vargaihof (tum to *44)?484You spend the rest o' the night at the and themorning.
With the Sun Struggling into a cloud-hazedgrey sky.
you bid Corran farewell.
As you leave theSecurity of the shrine, its guardian watches yourprogress long after you have left, the orange glow Ofthe warming emanating from the Open portalbehind him.
By dawn's wan light.
as you descend from Gle mllingmoors to the valley-lying settlements to the east, youcatch sight of a flock Of blackbirds circling in the skyover a spot half a mile away to the north.
Suchbehaviour suggests that there is something there, outin the cold Of this wild place.
DO you Want to take a
485diversion north, to what might be found there(turn to 243), or will you continue east, back to theroad {turn to 69)?Even you ar studying at the Counes pmtmit.
itfeels as if Varcolac is looking through you toanimal within.
and you feel the wolf trying to breakfree again.
The creature howls, using your HIr0at andvocal cords, straining to be free.
To your torturedpsyche it seems as though you can hear the trophyheads braying and in response to the presenceof Lhe inside you.
Add 1 to your CHANGE score.
Desperate to escape your fate and bring on finalconfrontation that you know must be corning, yourace the corridor, past smiling lords 01Luprava aMi the howling heads.
Turn to 158
486As the last wolf falls you 100k up to see Ulrich runningtowards the now open door Of the Cottage, the sturdyiron-bound oak gouged by what are, unmistakeably,claw marks.
Something has got in.
You follow thewoodsman as he runs inside.
In single roombeyond you find a wild-haired man standing over theaumpled body of a old woman.
'Grand-1.
J1rid cries and on hearing his voice, thestranger turns to 100k at you.
He has a horrid leeringgrin on his face and the manic look in his staring eyestells you that he is quite mad.
But there is one otherthing you cannot help noticing that a chill ofhorror shivering down your spine: he is missing hisleft hand.
Ulrich simply stands there dumbfoundedand in that moment's hesitation.
the lunatic leaps pasthim, tO'ing to make for the door, where you bar hisway to freedom.
Snarling like an animal he trie toclaw you with the talon-like fingernails of hisremaining right hand, seemingly unconcerned as toharm your sword could his unprotectedLUNATICAfter three AHack Rounds, or if you the mad-man's srAMr€A to 6 or less, whichever coms first.
turn at Once 49.

Dropping down from he broken-mortared top of thewall you land in a pde of russet leavs and, shootingdarting glarwes au around, you crep towards thehouse.
You freeze on hearing a cry, but it is onlythe croaking cry of a woodcock and to beafraid of.
You only ten yards fmm door whenyou hear the furious scraping of paws clawingground to get at you.
rattling of a long chain ardthen a snarling bark that scunds like it must belong tomonstrous Running around the side Of trehouse is a creature that atErst you take to be a wolf.
Amoment's consideratim la ter and you Seetha t, despiterushing towards you on all fours, the wolf actuallyhas the physical proportions of a man.
It is not unlikethe Werewolf you fell foul Of and yet looks like hastrapped mid-transforznahon — and night has stillnot yet fallen.
WOLFWEREIf the Wolf-V&re wounds you more than twice, add 1point to your CHANGE score.
You may escape afterAttack Rounds, if you wsh, running back to theen trance to the estate and climbing back over the wall,as the wid be held at bay by its chain (turn
488-4890 46).
However, if you choose to fight and reduce heMolf-B&re's STAMINA to 4 points or tum to 472.
48Brhe Grendel grabs you with bout of its huge handsInd lifts you bodily off the ground.
With a grunt offelight the ogre hurls you against the bars of the CageInd you fall tc the ground, cradling bruised ribs (loseSTAMINA points).
If you are still alive, you stagFrthe Cage to reclaim your pinessions beforeIjsappeartng into the crowds to hide your embarrass-nent (turn to 167).
489people Of these parts have been protechng theirlocks, herds and homes from the predations Of wildnimals for far longer than they have had to worrybout a Werebeast, so the forest paths are riddled withvolf traps — which are just as effective against unwaryLuma_ns.
Walking along a seemingly little-used trackdone you succtu:nb to one such trap, as what you hadaken to be fallen branchtsstrewing the path give wayyour weight, dropping in to a deep pit tinedSharpened s takes.
You cannot Stop yourself fromg in and being speared by the cruel pit-stakes.
{011 One dice, add one and lose this many STAMINA'Dints.
(If you have The Quickening special ability younay divide this damage by 2, rounding fractions up.
)f you are still aliv e, you eventually struggle out of the'it-trap and do what you can to bind your wounds•efore rejoining the rest of party as they are'reparing to return to Vargenhof.
Turn to
487Drcm»ing down from broken-mortarHi top of trwwall you land a pile of leave and.
dare_ng glam-B an you towardshoux.
You cmce on rearing a cxy, but it is onlythe cry of a to beafraid of.
You ate or-Jy ten yards fmm the dwr whenyou hear ele furious *raping of paws clawing theground to get at you, the rattling of a long chain andthen a snarling bark that sounds like it must belong tosome monstrous dog.
Running around side of thehouse is a creature that at first you take to be a wolf.
Amoment's consideration later and you that.
despiterushing towards you on all fours, the wolf actuallyhas the physical pmportions of a man- It is nol unlike'ell Of and yet like itbeen trapped mid-tramformation — aryl night tus SHIInot yet fallm.
WOLF-WERES STAMINA 8If the %lf-Werv wounds you more than twice, add 1point to your CHANGE 'Coe.
You may afterthree A Rounds.
If you wisy„ running back 10 theentrance to the estate and climbing back over the wall,as the V%lf-Werv will be held at bay by its chain (turn
1046).
However, if you ch00H2 fo fight and reduce theSTAMINA to 4 points or iess, turn to 472.
488Grtmdel grabs you with both ib huge handsand lifts you bodily off the ground.
a gunt ofdeli#t the ogre hurls you the bars of Cageand you fall to the ground.
cradling bruised ribs (lose4 points).
If you are still alive, you Staggerfrom the Cage to mclaim your pcssBsiom beforedisappearing into crowds 10 hide your embarrass-ment (tum to 167).
The people Of these parts have protecting theirherds and from the Of wildanimals [or far longer than they have to worryabout a so the forwt paths are riddled withwolf traps — which are just as effective against unwaryhumans.
Walking along a seemingly Little-used trackalone you succumb 10 one such trap, as what you hadtaken to be fallen branches strewing the path give wayunder your weight, dropping you into a deep pit linedwi sharpened stakes.
You cannot slop yourself fromfalling in and being speared by the cruel pit-stakwRoll one dice, add one and Iosc this many STAMINApoinÄ.
(Lf you have The Quickening SF«-ial ability youmay divide *Lis damage by 2, rounding tractior.
up_)If you are stiLl alive.
you e ven tually strugle out ofpit-trap and do whal you can to bind your woundsIrfore rejoining the of the party as they arepreparing to return 10 Vat•genhof.
Tum to 151.

490lye way through the woods that you have chognwidens as it betweal dnfS Of fallen leavsbetween the tres.
The pale disc of sun sinks lowerin a featurel& grey sky, mmotonousbroken only by the flapping of btrds returningto their ro«S.
heir heat* croakng a-iB ahoere leaflss anopy Your turns to 610ughe ofwhere you should camp for the right asQpears likea lantan above you.
Withoutwaming you ar æized by crippling pa.
uu dutfot& you your kræ.
gasping for bæath.
SoawthM1gis to the very fibre of your 'Mite234 on your Adtenture Shet ard rum to 20.
Even as you are gagging on the slimeyou feel metamorphßing powe hold Of you.
The effects of mutagenic slime, combined withthe lycanthropy riddlang every fibre 0t youryou to undergo a cahshopluccontract and twist.
melt a.
nd reform.
skin chidn, hair rank fur, whatis left an unholy aand a wolf.
Your rapid transforrnarim.
by lycanthropy, shocks eva1 the monks.
But youlonger care about such things or even rememberyour lite before this moment as all hurnanity youmce had iA gone.
Your adventure ends here, as youscuttle down Into dark snctuary Of thethe Abbey, where you your lifea_mcmg the vermin, as Of them.

You eve corridor to anoew junctiom wherestench of death hangs heavy in the musky air Of thesubterranean passageway.
carcass of a huge rat —six feet long from nose to tail — lies against one wall.
Crawling over it, picking at the dead creature withmgsive, bme-auA1.
ing ue four largeca.
rri«• feders.
exh over thre Ingth- Theheds lmk jt5t hcrned humanDeath'S Head Beetles pause in their consumption Ofthe rat hideous skull-heads turning in yourdirection.
mandibles clicking.
You that theycould attack at any moment.
Will you take the newat ru.
ncöcm (tum to IS-I) or willyou put f«Eng(tum tomuple but not at the thathave Hlled eteir baby.
h •s it a •vGJ hasfrom their eyes, for now they can see the Changelingin its true guise at last.
•nley apologise to you profuselyas the imp dissolves into bubbling Slime and soaksinto the floor.
have nothing to offer you by wayof a material reward but they do force you to take anearthenware jug of cider and a cured cheese with you.
(Add 2 Meals to your Provisions and regain LUCKpoint for freeing the couple from the Curse of theChangeling.
) There is nothing more for you to do here.
Bidd.
ing Farma Baua Uld wife farewell you leavethdr to find that the has paRd
well.
Disccnsoiatc that you have not managed to trackdown the of Vargeahof but satisfied that youhave done good at Bauer Farm, you retrace your Stepsthrough the hills, negotiating the wooded Slopes asdusk falls and the town com« in sight again.
Turnto 2+4_'Do not met her gaze!' you hear Van Richten shout,although his voice comes to you as in a dream.
•Donot look into her eye!' you hear him c.
y, louder thistime.
You somehow manage to break Of herbeguiling power.
tearing your eyes away from hers.
There is doubt in your mind that this is thelady of Maun, vampiress and necnyAM you what must be done.
Butyou can act, ttw wrvant gives a piercing.
high-pitched Cry and throws at the VampireHunter, as Van Richten is taking aim with hispistol.
Time to slow as the gaunt-faced man'swarps.
changing stupe dramatically His armapvæar to con even as his finger bones leng-then.
01 leathery Skin unfurling bem•een
them.
Te man's ears become even ashis næe an ugly snout.
his fur-covered bodybursting free of the torn of his doers.
Nolmger a man but now a bat of unbelievablewith a wingQan apprwchingVampires" *rvu-ff swoops on Van ÆchE&L TneWerebat snatches hold of wiå clawed let and.
with two Stru•tg wing-beats, drags him up into thevault Of the dome.
You catch a glint of st«l and hear&-.
e V&rebai xræc.
h in paü•.
, as it •u turblingtowards one of the velvet-draFd windows.
With asplintering cruh, the Vampire andbat smash through the gla• and plunge to Heirdeths traprd in a mutual murderousIt suddenly davsms ym.
l that you akme aganuld has realigd that fact too.
mth aOf own throws herælf at you,daws and fangs revealml.
the deceptwe glamour ofher alluring rppla.
yl by her true bat-likeundead form.
If you have a Silver toit.
Of a Pair Of Silver which youcan improvi%•.
turn to 17.
If not, turn to 141.
by manacls to what is effectively t largeOf you th.
e unlortÄate fcy•us forthe elemmtal Hary of Lhe electrical storm.
Mth M-veralhundred thouqnd Of raw electricity passingthzou*l you.
r body, you are cooked to a frazzle untilall that is left a human*haped lump Of charcodYour adventure is over.


You open the door and step through into a vastbanqueting chamber What was obviously once aluxuriously laid table — with finest bone china, gleam-ing gilt curlery and magnificent glittering crystalcentrepieces — is now nothing better than a dogsdinner, Platters Df rotting food, white withgrease, litter the soiled tablecloth, while the camassesand bones of many passed meals lie strewn across thetable and over the floor.
Hearing a chomping, slaver-ing sound you look towards the far end or the hall.
Sifting at the other end of the table are three veiledwomen wearing gowns that were once no doubtfabulous exarnples of the art, but whichare now tom and dishevelled.
The noise is the soundOf their disgusting table manners, as they pick at theremains of chicken carcasses.
One of the women stopsabruptly, even as she is sucking the marrow from a legbone, and sniffs the ait sharply.
'We have company,sisters,' she snarls.
The Other women both ceasetheir messy eating then and sniff the air, tuming yoarway, their faces hidden behind their veils.
Moving asstealthily as cats, the three woman Bide towards youacross the banqueting chamber.
What's this,' asks another, her tone imperious andmocking, •another guest for dinner? ''Or another course?' the third, gleefully.
'I dohope so.
I'm still hungry.
'have you brought us, fresh meat?' the first asks.
addressing you directly.
'Are you the next course or
do you have something elg to delight us with?' Atthat she pulls aside her veil and you gasp in unex-honor as you catch sight of the face beneath.
Itis a hideous amalgam of human being and animal,somewhere that Of a woman a she—wolf.
The wolf-woman Irks a long pmk tonguecarur.
e fangs ard some+ung Ilke a smile splib herhornble v*e.
How Will you react to this revel•Hon?you ready ymw and to fight(tum to or will you ofÉr wolf-wcmanarmg your P—ms (tun to 349)?The bank-ready qrigevarts gop at edge of theFrimeer ofuve bt in irm-wro*tfrom fire drifti:ng away over bli9'ted fields.
away ym.
* out dark of afrmt aalways way.
'«niunas.
ly.
Aruf you wait.
*venl latermufned tolling of a marking Andyou hear tie Howling for the first time: the so•.
mdsends a Chiu Of running through your veinsA volce *teams horn up in watchtower, •They'recoming?You: eyes straining, you peer into ete darkness.
Twisting between the scraggy trees you whatapBar to be writhing tendrils of mist.
As fre tendrlJscome clwer.
they take the forn of iruubstanHal
wolf-like crat•ure, wiül savage dagger-length fangsand elongated tearing claws.
And all the whie, thedrad howling continu&.
Roll two diæ.
If total isless than or equal 10 your CHANCE score.
fum to 175; ifgreater, tum to 298.
•Don•t go!' the spider-woman émeks as you turn tailrun.
with me my she crie asruttlß you the dßiccated ofdwarfs eut the lærYou can t*ar monster ckQng you as you readia of is widi eLeBints oi hea stalact Your fmtfalls ringingfrom die you laurö' down hetume{.
hegrat bulk you- isgoing IN you get away eÅly.
Tsi Luck Ifyou tum to Lf you amup with 10%2-Your clothe with the fad-smellingwater Of ete POOL haul out thegoing on your way you to over yourquipment and the contents Of your iw:kpack.
Yoursword and leather armour, apart from being wet, arefine, a.
are Of the things stowed inside your oiJ•skin backpack.
However, a certain number of yourProvisions have ben spoiled by contact withwater (Roll one dice and remove up this number OfMeals from your Provisio:u-) Your lantern is still inoct
tm.
but the dry amd kindling you keæp insideyour has got wet will take a while todry out.
Ihe next time you are told you may only dosomething if you light your lantem, you may notchoose that option.
The Subsequent time you are givensuch an option the Hnder will be dry and you maymake that selection from Hen on.
Now turn to 46.
As you arrive at the small town 01Vargenhof you sense that is wrong.
A pallOf fear and uncertainty hangs over the place likea smotrering shroud.
A group Of men with spike-collared hunting dogs are gathered in front orVargenhocs meeting hall.
A portly man — the town'sburgornaster — is addresing the party.
Cher thegeneral hubbub of the town where traders plytheir trade.
your heightened hearing caechß oddsnatches of the burgomaster's rousing speech, phras•such as •plaguing oar lands', •Wembeasl• and 'some-thing must be done'.
If you want to avail yourself 01 the services VargenhOlhas to offer.
tum to 82.
If not, you can either join theparty Of hunters t*fore the rnæting hall(turn to 201) Or quit town without dallying here alall (turn to 50').
Stuffing the discharged pistol into the leather beltaround his torv», Headless Highwaymanurwheati— a basket-hilt«l mady 10 face you in
hand-to-hand combat.
Ready with your own blade,you prepare to defmdHEADLESS HIGHVVAYMANWhile you are fighting, the Highwayman maintainsa grip on the head in hLs other hand, which shoutsencouraging comments to ib body as it fights, whichyou find most off-putting! You must also reduce yourAttack Strength by 1 point your issill in the and so an over you.
uyou defeat the phantom felon, tum to 411.
Defying death.
and gravity, the horw make the jump,draK%i.
ng the stagecoach over brink oi the brokenbridge t*hind thern.
As the cæch crashes down ontothe road on the other side 0t the chasm, isIhrown from her at the front or the carriage ontothe back Of one Of the horses.
At the same tirne theroad veers to the right again and emerges from thedense-packed pines to follow an equally precariousalong the edge Of another precipitous gorge tothe left.
The carriage slide sideways, a cas-cade Of pebbles from the into the void.
If youdon't M!ize control of the carcering carriage — andsoon! - your pursuit ot the Werebeast could still endin all your deaths.
Vaulting into the driver's seat yougrab hold of the slackened reins.
Tesi yonr Skill.
yousucceed, turn to fra; however.
Lf you fail, tum to 444.

At the Iwight of your battle with the Werewolf.
the fullmoon comes into view beyond the tall window af theend of the chamber, bathing the Count's chambers inits mystical luminescence.
Moonlight washes overyou and it feels as if the cold, white beams are soakinginto every pore.
You were so close ro completing yourguest.
Lf only you can the beast contained a li ttJelonger maybe you Shu Roll three dicv.
u you arewearing a Mo-cmstone Amulet, subtract from thedice roll.
tf the new total is than or equal to yourCHANGE turn to 25.
If it is greater, turn to 285.
TrapFr Sorn diß fre end of your sword wi±l acur* on his lips (lose 2 LUCK Ixints).
And tha•,figure standing rwxt to him is transforming into atemfying The that wasat you with Emgthming claws.
dealütg you a *vage wotmd.
STAMINA pointsand tum to 62.
The Heads make a sinister hollow kn«kingsound that inmsifies as you draw nearer, Test yourLuck.
If you are Lucky, turn to 136.
11 you are Unlucky.
turn to 95.
Slowly the man lowers his pistol.
'so, what bringsa lone traveller like you out on a night such as this,in these lands?' he asks.
Will you tellstranger the huLh.
•hat you are a cure for the
Of • werewolf's bite (turn to 311), will you Leuhim that you are on a personal quest to rid the land 01Lupravia of the many evils that mar its reputationamong the principalities of Mauristatia (tum to 332)?You ioumey for a nighl and a day, taking the roadnorth through the pinewoods, cmssing a bridgespanning a dark chasm, and onwards along the edge01 the precipitous Garou Gorge, following signs toWulfenstein.
Make a note of the number 140 on yourAdzenture Sheet and then turn to 20.
As the day wears on and die shadows lengthen youute boundary that marks tlwpoint where scrubbyheaLNand becomes forwe The paths are thick withfallen leavß, the skeletal forms Of the sinister astheir shifting shadows for you with blackClawing fingers.
You have not far intotorBt when you come upon a high stone wall thatb•rtween the marking the perimeter ofwhat musl be the demesne of a hunting lodge or somesecluded manor houy.
Alittle further on you wme toa pair of large, rusted iron gales that are firmly locked.
Irack that leads up to these gates is even lessregularly used and more overgrown than the pathyou are following.
A weaåuer-fadedsign on one of thegates reads, 'beware of the Dog'.
Through the rust-flaking bars you can the rundown mansion [hatthe wall and he gates enclose.
You cannot tell howoccupied or otherwiæ the estate may be — it could be
entirely empty for all you k•uow — but you are awarethat the day is drawing on and thatyou may well haveto spend another night under the stars.
nere noObvious way fo attract the atta•tüon of anyone insidethe mansion.
so do you want to xramble over wallto investigate further (tum to 487) or will you go onyour way wiåtout (tum Eo 46)?•your place is rut with us,' the Master says, face agrim mask of indifference- 'So you an not v,'elcomehere.
' Before you can speak, the little man tosæS ahandful of sparkling powder in your face and yowcollapse unconxious in an instant.
.
.
When you come to it is stru dark and somethingtells you that you are a long way from where youstarted.
You are lying at a crossroads surrounded bydense woodland and you are utterly alone — there isao sign of the Carnivale.
A quick check of yourbackpack reveals theft of all your Gold Piec% andany Silver items you may have had with you.
zLUCX points.
) Cursing your misfortune, althoughdoubtles you brvughfit on yourself, you decide whatto do next.
A signpost marked with four place namesstands at the crossroads: Bald to the north-west,S&igoiva to the souåt-west, Vargenhof to the north-east and Maun to the south-east.
Having travelledfrom the west already, and sensing that your onwardpael ties to h east,you are left with two choices.
Willyou head in the direction Of Vargenhof (turn to 490),or follow the less well-trodden path to Matm (turnto 43B) ?
510—512510Standing in the courtyard beyond the unguandedgatehouse, you look towards main doors to thecastle at the top of a grand set cf stone steps.
Abovethe entrance to the castle is emblazoned c:mst ofthe ruling family of Lupravia — howling wolf's headagainst full waxing moon.
Rousing your courage,you climb the steps And push open the main doors.
You find yourself in a dusty, dimly lit entrance hall.
The place deserted.
Broad passageways leadaway, further into the castle, to left and right wh.
iledirecdy in front of you, a grand, macabrelystone rises to a balcony and another set Ofclosed double doors.
How do you want to prugr5sugh Cas Wulfen?Along the pasageway to the left?Turn to 319Down the corridor to die right?Turn 340Up ute grand and through thedouble doors beyond ?Tum to •146Konrad sazd that the Healing Of Saint Cruciuslit* across the moors north west Of Strigoiva.
you want to set offin search of the shrine, turn to 87.
Ifnot, you will have to Camp out under the stars for thenight (tum to 466).
51 zYmn climb some way Yugher into what you guess m ustbe one Of the castle's turrets.
Steps end at last at adark corridor.
At its far end you can make out another

door, but before can this you must avoid thehuge axe blade that swings at the end of an ironpendulum pole back and forth acrms he passagewayIf you want to pnxeed, trying to dodge the pendulumblade to reach the door at the end of the corridor, turnto 471.
If you would rathernot risk it, you wili have todescend the *aircase again, return to Map Room,and leave througt Ete alterna6ve exit there (turnto 321).
51-3•Very well,' VarcoLac growls with bardyfury, 'I shall have to deal with you myself, Rising fromhis chair, the Count throws back his head givingan 'Madulterated howl 01 animal deli#ut, With thehorrible cracking-crunching sound of bones warpingand re-forming.
Varceac•s body grows in stature,nbcage broadening.
spine arclung, arms becominglonger, nails thrusting from the ends Of his fingers,turning to claws.
Fangs push thmugh bleeding gurnsas CounYs skull reshapes itself, becoming a lupinemuzzle, his ears stretching tc hairy arrow points.
Hisfeet lengthai and change shape, bursting free of hisboots, unhl standing before you is no longer themortal ruler of this cursed land but a terrifying crossbetween wolf and man.
It is the largest, most awe-inspiring werewolf you have ever seen.
You can feelpure evil intent pouring off the transformed Varcolaclike musky scent, a mixture of savage animal cunningand pure human malevolence.
Now is your moment to strike, while the Vamolac-wolf is gathering its Wib following its sudden, violent
514615transfmmaä«v.
U you know Of a that mightwork agaivt eve ycru æn toit by turrü•.
g to tre paragraph which is theas the page on which yau found i'.
Ifyou do not E•tow of suå Or would rather notit, what will you agai.
rut w«ewolf (if youhe relevant item)?A verA Silver Mirror?A Crr:ssbow?A Flintlock Pistol?A Silver Dagger 7Some w eapon7514Turn toTurn to 327Turn to 372Turn iO 450Turn to 4BTum to 230The spider i' lying wait for you, vawm—drippingmardibJB 2 t As as reavemver fmm the *idef lair,a_rKhnid again.
6me it cannot mi*.
spider grab' you and pulls pu down into is hole,sinking iS fangs deq Into your neck.
me bardoor closes again and dte spider begins to feast.
Youradventure ends here ,515With wolf-monster hat Lupraviafor many years lying dead at ycm.
xr ft•et at last, youfel a change over you.
Your I-•earingdulkd, Olours vibrant, themyriad of the dumber are reduced to an iMis-tilVt, Something dHIWd, thewithül is g«e.
You Me hun-wn again.

Moving to the wüldow, you watch full as itcmånuß its path the heavers, no lonFfearing the chill touch of is ethereal liÜu.
In fact youluxuriate in ib silvery glow, knowing that it doyou no harm, kmwinß that it has no power over you.
By defeating ü•ue Arch-Lycanth_r0F, before succumb-ing to d'E Were youræli, you Feve ecaped a fateworæ than death.
But that isnotall you haveIhanks to you he land Of Lupravia hasfrom Count Varcolac's ruel tyranny; its people needlive in fear of the howl cf the werewolf no longer, andneither need you.

