BAD MOON RISING

It was madness even to think that you could make it to the next village before nightfall. 
As dusk descended, what possessed you to leave the road and attempt to take a shortcuf through the suffocating forest?
An expenenced sword-for-hire you may be, but your brash bravado has got the better of you this time once and for all.
Your heart beats a tatto of near panic in your chest, your ragged breathing rasps loudly in your ears.
You quicken your step, just as you know that the creatures that are hunting you are quickening theirs.

You can hear the wolves panting as they run, easily keeping pace with you. 
The night closes in, a smothering shroud of darkness. 
You trip over exposed tree roots, the moon — only a matter of nights away from being full - casting its sickly light through naked, black branches above. 
To your agitated mand the trees seem to claw at you with skeletal black fingers.

Suddenly the adrenalin rush of panic is replaced by that of desperate hope as you catch sight of a flickering light between the looming, leafless trees. 
It may be no more than a lone guttering candle-flame, but to you it is a brillant beacon of hope amid the blackness. 
The light is shining from the window of an isolated hut, and suddenly you feel there is a chance you might yet escape the cruel fate that the encroaching night seems to have set aside for you.

A howl cuts through the chill night air, a mournful sound that freezes the blood in your veins. 
You immediately stumble to a halt the animal cry came from somewhere close by. 
Your heart racing, you breathing shallow and fast, you spin round, scouring the oppressive forest for the tell-tale signs that you know must be there. 
And then you see them, a dozen blazing-red eyes, smouldering like coals, watching you from the darkness.

Growling, the wolves slink inte the moonlight in front of you. 
The animals have a lean, hungry look, their grey pelts scabrous and patchy, their ear-tips pressed low against their skulls, lips curling back fom yellowed, slavering fangs. 
Darting anxious glances around, you realise, to your horror, that you are surrounded.

You unsheathe your sword, the blade shining as it slides from its ciled leather scabbard.
You test its weight in your hand, knowing that it is only a matter of moments before you will be forced to fight for your life. 
In that moment, your mind is suddenly awhirl with memories of the last few months...

Growing weary of the comfortable security of the plains of Femphrey and Lendleland, you ventured north into that cloud-capped, frostbitten realm of unforgiving mountain peaks and brooding forests that is Mauristatia.
The pettily feuding principalines of that deadly land have histories as long and as bloody as that of the Old World itself. 

People talk in hushed tones of the Vampire Lords of Mortvania and the ghoulish death-cults of Bathoria. 
No land is more berighted and accursed than that of Lupravia. 
A chill place of primeval mountains, dark forests and mist-shrouded moorland, it is said to be haunted by the spirits of the restless dead. 
The wretched native folk of that land struggle to eke out even the meanest living from its thin soil and regularly suffer the predations of wild animals. 
Only the foolhardy or insane would choose to willingly pass beyond its borders and enter, that desolate realm. 
And yet here you are on the very edge of Lupravia, and suddenly everything you have ever heard about that place seems so terrifying real...

A snarl more menacing and blood-chilling than any you have yet heard this hateful night brings you back to the present and the dire nature of your predicament. 
The wolves halt as one. 
Pushing aside the other wolves as it moves through the pack is the undoubtable leader. 
It is caught for a moment in the washed-out light of the moon, which hangs like a mourner’s corpse-watch candle in the pall of night.
You have never seen its like before.

The creature is huge, a monstrous beast twice the size of any other wolf in the pack. 
Its pelt is utterly black, apart from the one long streak of grey that runs from the top of its head all the way down its back. 
The look of evil intent is in its eyes, something wholly unnatural in a wolf, something almost inhumanly human. 

A guttural growl that speaks of your imminent demise rises from deep within its chest and the wolves begin to move again. 
With death reflected in its eyes, the great wolf prepares to pounce.