You wake from a feverish and terrifyingly realistic dream, in which a wolf is snapping at you with slavering jaws. 
You open your eyes and find yourself looking up at the cobwebbed rafters of a wooden shack. 
You are suddenly brought back to the present with a starl, a rush of unbidden and unpleasant memories whirling through your mind. 
You remember catching sight of the hut between the trees, a beacon of hope in the cold, wolf-haunted night. 
Your next recollection is a painful one — the savage attack by the Black Wolf - and then you recall the face of the woodsman peering down at you, his axe gripped firmly in his meaty hands, its sharp edge ruddy with the wolf's blood.

But now you are lying on the uncomfortable, straw-stufed mattress of a pallet bed. 
You force yourself to sit up and gasp in pain from the savage wolf bite you received to your shoulder. 
“You want to take care of that", you hear a gruff voice say and you turn in surprise - wincing again as the wound smarts - to see a thickset, bearded man siting at a table next to a stone chimney breast, smoking a pipe. 
His careworn face is lit by the dull orange glow of a fire, crackling in the hearth. 
"I've cleaned and dressed the wound as best I can but its going to take time to heal." 
A candle burns in the window and outside all is shrouded in darkness.

Not really sure where you are, who the man is, or why he's chosen to take care of you, you mumble your thanks. 
"Come, sit. There’s something I have to show you.” 
Cautiously you rise from the bed and join the man at the table.
"I’m Ulrich, and I make my living as forester in these wild woods" he says, proffering his hand as you lake a seat. 
On the table in front of the woodsman is a bundle of coarse, blondstained cloth, and you find yourself wondering why a seemingly decent man would want to live out here in such a wild, isolated and dangerous place.

"What happened?" you ask, unable to take your eyes off the crimson bundle that lies between the two of you. 
And so Ulrich relates his version of events. 
He was inside his shack when he heard the wolves howling and your cries. 
Taking up his axe, he rushed to your aid.

"I managed to lay a savage wound on that black wolf" he explains. 
"Sent it packing, the rest of ils sorry pack scurrying after, once they saw their leader bested."
"You wanted to show me something", you remind Ulrich.
"Indeed I do”, he mutters, and begins to unwrap the bundle in front of him.

"I told you I dealt the wolf a savage blow. Well, in fact, I cut off its paw. At least, it was a paw to begin with..." 
Ulrich peels back the last strip of bloodstained cloth, "But tell me, does that look like a paw to you?"

Lying on the table in front of you is a gnarled black furred claw, somewhere between a human hand and a wolf’s paw. 
Horror twists your heart in its chilling crip. 
Before Ulrich even has a chance to explain, you already know what he is going to say. 
"That wasn’t a wolf that attacked you out there in the woods tonight. It was a..."

"Werewolf!" you finish. 
You know what this means. 
It would explain your feverishnessand horrible hallucinatory dream. 
For the bite of a werewolf -— a man cursed to take on the form of a wolf when moonlight bathes the world - carries the dread disease of lycanthropy, the selfsame affliction that is responsible for its own ghastly transformation. 
It is as good as a death sentence, for without a cure, the only future you can look forward to is one of madness and murder, as the wolf inside you struggles to free itself and satisfy its bloodlust.